Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
It's less than two weeks to E3 and the cat has already climbed its way out of the bag.
A handful of games, upgrades, and more news is already making its way out, intentionally or not.
E3 hype is in full swing and we'll tell you about it along with your comments, feedback, and more.
Right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
The show where every gamer has a voice.
It is episode number 601 for this June the 7th of 2015.
Thank you everybody for coming back this week.
We had a heck of a show last week to celebrate 600 episodes of OLR.
It was very long, we had a lot of fun, many faces from the past showing up in chat room.
But yep, we're still here checking in for another episode.
So back a little bit to the routine tonight to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gaming lifestyle.
With myself in studio here, Rob Roberts.
And maybe not so typical because not here tonight, the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I'll fill you in on why she's not here in just a moment.
But I do want to introduce as well, of course, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing okay, but I got like some allergy thing or something. We're very raspy today.
We live in one of the worst cities in America for allergies, I sometimes feel like.
Well, it's also the soda. The amount of soda that I'm drinking.
Are you allergic to soda? That's bad.
No, it's not.
Well, that would be weird.
I'd probably be dead by now, but no.
It's something. If it's not the dry air, it's pollen or weeds. I don't really know what it is.
And summer's in full swing here in SAC, too. We had a 95 degree day today.
This is the beginning. Triple digits. It's coming.
Anyhow, we are based, of course, out of Sacramento, California, if you didn't know.
Not that far from Silicon Valley, where a lot of your games are made and the gaming companies are.
We're in the capital city for all those people.
Capital city?
Before we get into tonight's kickoff topic, I want to introduce, of course, all you guys in our chatroom as well,
over at live.vognetwork.com, because we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern,
at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, immediately following the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you do participate with our show live, you can interact via our chatroom,
and we read comments that you leave in our live chatroom here.
We leave comments that you read.
And Dark Tetsuya saying in our chatroom right now, oh, it's going to be one of those shows, I can tell. Oh, dear.
A good show? Yes, it is.
Every week, of course. And then, of course, you guys can call in and participate with our show later on,
and the show will be accepting your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio,
all one word, because really Skype is the way I think most people do it, because all the phones now come installed with Skype on it.
Didn't they just introduce Skype on the web now? So it's really easy to get on Skype.
So add us to your list. That's Orange Lounge Radio, all one word, and you can call us and interact with us later in the show.
Probably won't be a four-hour show tonight. We'll get to calls a little earlier.
It's amazing. So much integration that Microsoft has for their services.
Yeah, for some reason, my wife still can't download pictures off of her phone, which is a Windows phone, without using the Zune application.
Really? That's silly.
Yeah, exactly. That's stupid as well as I was going to use, but I don't know why.
And you would think, like all the other phones out there, you just plug them in and you have full access to everything.
You don't have to go through a silly program to do everything. But Microsoft, definitely an operating system that has direct USB access,
still can't access data on a phone. It doesn't make any sense.
Tigerclaw in chat says, this is why Android phones rule. Bobby Blackwolf in chat saying, you don't have full access to an iPhone.
Yeah, but you can get pictures off of it.
Yeah, you can at least get pictures off it. I got to say, I am more and more impressed with the power of apps across whatever platform it is that you're on.
I bought that new TV a couple months ago I was talking about on the show, and there's an app in there where you can just display photos on your device on the TV,
because it talks to your TV through the app and the internet. I'm really impressed with how technology is in apps or in everything.
Rama says, unless you have an HTC phone, yes, this is one reason why I won't own an HTC phone.
Alright, we're going to get into our kickoff topic here, but I do want to mention, DarkSakra is not here tonight on the program.
DarkSakra, we had a big celebration here last week for 600 episodes, and unfortunately she's had a bit of an up and down week,
because that was kind of an up, but unfortunately this week she got news that her grandmother passed away.
And you might be thinking to yourself, wait a minute, didn't DarkSakra, wasn't she gone from the show for that reason just like three months ago or so?
And unfortunately the answer is yes, her other grandma passed away this week, and this was the last grandparent that she had.
So as you can imagine, she's pretty devastated having gone through that, especially virtually back to back like that, losing two grandparents.
So, you know, definitely we're all thinking of her here at OLR Studios and thinking of her through this situation.
So send her your love and your e-hugs. I know she will deeply appreciate it as she's kind of dealing with all that.
So she was unable to make the trip back to Alabama this time, but in talking with her I know that she had gotten to see her,
this grandma of hers that just passed away, a little bit healthier than she was, you know, as her health was deteriorating and so forth.
So at least she made some good memories there at the end. So regretfully I have to communicate that news to you guys.
I did ask her if I could tell you guys about that, but that's why she's not here tonight.
So, you know, I frankly wouldn't be surprised if she ends up taking a couple weeks off, but then again also knowing her, working hard,
she'll probably be back here next week. So she can take all the time she needs as far as I'm concerned.
But mentioning like an up and down thing, I'm sure I can mention this as well.
So like almost the same day she finds out about that news, she got a promotion at work.
So she's having a real, real interesting week you guys. So of course your love and support, always appreciated there.
Lots of hearts in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
And I think a lot of you guys in our chat room probably follow her either on Facebook or Tumblr.
So a lot of you probably already knew about this where she's communicated this already.
But for those listeners who didn't already know, I just wanted to fill you in. So there you have it.
So Loki and I are going to do our best to hold down the fort here this week and talk about gaming topics.
The show must go on. So let's transition into of course next week's show.
I guess I'm getting into a little bit of housekeeping, but we have to talk about next week's show
because we're facing a situation next week we've never had happen before.
Usually the week before E3, we will do our big list list with our E3 predictions and all that stuff.
And that's kind of like our big E3 kickoff show.
And usually, right after the show or in the morning, I'm in the car on my way to L.A. to go to E3
so I can get to the press conferences Monday night or whatever.
But that actually isn't happening this year. As you know, I'm not going to E3. We talked about that in a previous episode.
And this year, the press conferences are starting on Sunday.
So for next week's show, we realize that as a video game podcast, we really can't compete with the Bethesda thing that's happening.
So our plan as it stands right now is to do our show up until 7 o'clock is when it is, right?
Do the show up until 7 o'clock. Then we're going to stop, watch the press conference, come back with y'all.
So we're basically going to pause the show while that's going on, come back and have some immediate reactions
and discussions on whatever it is that we witness, which will be kind of fun because we've not really got
because the usual round of press conferences are on Monday, Tuesday, whenever.
We don't usually get to do those immediate reactions.
So disappointed that it's not Nintendo instead of Bethesda.
We kind of know what to expect now. We've got some news obviously coming up in a little bit that gets into that.
I'm sure a lot of you know what I'm talking about. So we'll see, but maybe there'll be some surprises.
That'll be kind of fun if we've got any surprises. So we'll see.
Some folks in chat over at live.vognetwork.com saying, what about live reactions?
I have to be honest, the thought crossed my mind, but ultimately I decided not to do it
because I just felt there's enough people that really just kind of want to focus.
And I actually would rather, this is going to sound really weird, but since we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
I would rather you guys watch it and form your own opinions without us barking in your ear as it's immediately going on
and then come back and then we can share those opinions.
Because I think it would be better if we had a diverse amount of opinions rather than you guys are influenced by our live reactions, if that makes sense.
Maybe we'll do a thing on Periscope or something for like five minutes, but we probably won't do the whole thing.
Just a little bit there. So that'll be next week's show.
But anyway, the reason why I bring that up is that now E3 hype is in full swing.
We've got a variety of news topics tonight about companies kind of getting the jump on E3 with their big news,
which we mentioned. This always happens right around the time Memorial Day is over.
We start to get the people that are kind of-
Sometimes they don't necessarily want to get the jump and other people get the jump for them.
Exactly. They just kind of get the news out there anyway, which we'll also have later on the show tonight.
So I wanted to ask now, while we have more time, because next week we'll have to compress a lot of elements of our show to make room for that press conference.
I kind of want to ask you now, what sorts of things are you expecting to see at E3 this year versus what would you like to see at E3 this year?
So let's go through some of the big press conferences that are going to happen.
Since you brought it up a minute ago, Loki, Nintendo.
I don't expect much from them, to be honest. I expect that we're going to have their direct and they're going to spend way too much time like they usually do on non-essential information.
You know, where they go over gameplay details about a game that's not coming out for a while that no one really gives a shit about.
But I'm sure they'll- I don't know if we'll hear anything about the NX or whatever their next thing is.
I don't think- I think we'll see probably another- didn't they already say actually they weren't going to show Zelda, so maybe we won't see Zelda?
I'm hoping we'll see something about Star Fox, which will be pretty awesome.
You know, it'd be nice if we get a Star Fox 64 or something for the 3DS or something like that. That might be pretty cool.
I don't expect a whole ton of information that's going to really get me excited about stuff.
But hopefully they will have their treehouse coverage that they did last year, because that was pretty good.
I'm pretty sure they are bringing that back.
So I'd be more interested in that. I just think they're going to waste a lot of time on things, because they don't have a whole ton to announce, is my thought.
Although that wasn't really the case last year. Last year they had three different directs, but still managed to waste a lot of time on stuff.
In Loki's dream world, what would Nintendo be announcing?
In my dream world? I don't know. A price drop?
A price drop for the Wii U.
I don't know, but the thing is though, if there's a price drop on the Wii U, that's immediately going to be like, wait a minute, why are they dropping the price on the Wii U?
It's because something else is changing. What are they doing?
I don't know, there's just not really much for me to get excited about the Wii U right now.
It's too bad because there's going to be some decent games on it, but I don't want to buy this platform just for those couple games.
Let's get another system coming out that supports Wii U games and has newer titles on there, and then we'll talk.
As far as my thoughts for Nintendo goes, every E3 that I've been to and even the ones I haven't been to, Nintendo always has that thing that generates a huge line.
A huge line to see this game.
They could come out with something like Splatoon where that was just out of nowhere. That's pretty awesome.
That's really what I expect to happen from Nintendo this year, because I'm not sure, with all due respect to Star Fox, I love that franchise as well,
I'm not sure Star Fox is going to be the game that gets that line, quote unquote.
In Zelda, they've said it's not going to be there. The NX, I'm pretty sure they've said it's not going to be there.
I do believe they are hiding something in their pocket for holiday, and I think it's one of two things that's going to generate that kind of a line.
It's going to be a new Mario game, and I don't think it would be, I mean I know I've said this on the show, that it would probably be like Mario 3D World,
and I even joked about Super Mario Bros. 4, which a lot of you thought I was, and admittedly I was tinfoil-hatting,
but I think if it was like Galaxy 3, I think that would generate a lot of like, whoa, you know, I think that would be a huge generator.
I also think what would get a huge line is if the Wii U is getting Metroid this year, which I think is plausible.
I think that's more plausible than people give it credit for. There's been a lot of hints that the studio's been working on something,
so I think that's something we could see come out of E3. I also fully expect from Nintendo more information on what's replacing Club Nintendo,
because don't forget, that went away, and didn't you have to like spend all your money like by June, like they were wiping the slate clean by June?
Something like that, yeah.
So I feel like now everything's been reset, and now it's time to unveil what's next, and we've seen some talk about what that's going to entail,
is that there's going to be some type of synergy between the mobile, and 3DS, and the Wii U, and this NX, which is why it was unveiled in the first place.
I'm kind of expecting that E3 is going to give us more information about what that is.
Because you know the Nintendfreaks, as I call the Nintendo cultist fans, of which there's a lot of them, are going to be really jazzed and enthused if that's something really exciting.
Here's the one thing that I know they're going to spend a lot of time on that I really don't give a shit about, and it's Amiibos.
And don't get me wrong, I think Amiibos look, they're kind of cool as far as like a collectible thing,
but I really so far, the implementation of how they've utilized these in the games that they've supported, it's been pretty weak.
It's just like, ooh, you get a costume. Fuck. I mean, if you really wanted to, you could put out that costume DLC for free.
But yeah, of course you're not making your money from selling these hard-to-get toys or collectibles.
I think they're just going to whore the shit out of this.
Without raging the Amiibo debate all over again, I mean the figures themselves are pretty cool, and honestly, even if they did nothing, I probably would still want to collect them.
But, you know, I get what you're saying as well.
How long until the Pokémon game?
I think Nintendo has to walk a real fine line with Amiibo. That's a bubble that will burst if they're not careful.
And I think, like that Animal Crossing thing on 3DS, I could not possibly be less interested in that.
And I love Animal Crossing, and I've bought all those, I just think the way they're putting the cards into that and it's not even really a full Animal Crossing game, that's a pass for me.
Speaking of 3DS, I agree with something S.H.O. and Hunter Madden chat is saying as, I think they're going to surprise us with that big game that will force you to get that new Nintendo 3DS.
And I agree, they've got to come out with more than just Xenoblade for that new 3DS if they really want more people to buy it.
I realize, again, a lot of the Nintendfreaks have adopted that, and that's cool, but now how do we get more through the holiday?
I think it's about time. I don't understand why this platform doesn't have it yet. Where's Minecraft?
I mean, Minecraft's been on PlayStation for the longest time now. It's obviously on Xbox and PC and stuff. Why the fuck is it not on Wii U or 3DS yet?
Considering their new overlords, I highly doubt it's a priority anymore.
It doesn't matter. I don't think that's going to matter because I think that they still know that they can make sales off of it, you know, converting it over.
I don't understand why they wouldn't, I guess maybe it's just not worth it with the amount of people that own the system.
I just think that they could garner a lot more sales that way, especially with a 3DS version if they could do that.
As far as the 3DS goes, though, we know we're going to see localizations unveiled, so we know that Bravely Second absolutely has to be there.
And I'm thinking Final Fantasy Explorers will be announced as well. I think there's a lot of stuff that Japan already has that we're going to hear about as well, which is kind of weird.
And we already know about the new Chibi-Robo game is supposed to be coming out over here.
But I think the thing that they haven't talked about that seems like a given since you brought it up, where's the Pokemon game for this year?
Last year was a remake, so what would we be due for this year? Either Pokemon Z, X2, Y2, or maybe something new.
So I would imagine there's got to be a Pokemon game that's going to include amiibo support.
And they may not go all gung-ho ass in on it, but you can bet you that your Pikachu, your Charizard, your Jigglypuff, your Greninja, all those amiibo that are out there are going to do something.
And then of course, shit, since we're going to have support for those, let's release five more fan favorite Pokemon that you can vote on at Nintendo.com or through our new rewards.
I don't know. I don't know what the hell they'll do. I think there's going to be an amiibo that turns up that you can only get through that reward system.
Wait for it. Whatever that new reward system is, there's going to be some damn amiibo that you're only going to be able to get through that.
It's going to be one of these new Pokemon.
No, it better be. You know what? It can be a Pokemon. It can be a brand new Pokemon. A Regi Pokemon.
We could spend all day talking about Nintendo. Let's sit on the other companies here. I want to take a detour and talk about the PC. This is new this year, a PC conference.
Do you think it's going to really be indie focused and all those sorts of things?
Who's heading it up? Who's actually speaking on it? What companies do they have there?
I think CliffyB is one of them. I remember seeing his name thrown around for that.
I'd have to do a little research unless the chat room jumps in here helping me out a little bit.
Your thoughts on the PC? What do you think might come out of that?
Are we talking Steam?
It's not a Steam conference, but that doesn't mean Valve isn't involved.
The HTC Vive stuff? I think Oculus is doing their own thing. Maybe we'll see stuff about Steam Machines.
I may be getting to that later, but they had some more details about Steam Machines this week, which I have to say after looking at all those.
Because I am looking at building a new PC, that's definitely not the option I'm going with.
It's too expensive for what you can build versus what they're offering. It's not worth it.
With that, I'm not sure what else they would be showing off.
So here it is. AMD is presenting the PC Gaming Show, and PC Gamer is involved with this as well.
So it's put on by these PC AMD. They have their interest in a lot of games there because that's how they sell video cards.
Well, they'll be showing off their new graphics cards, I'm sure. I don't know.
Some of the participants listed. Blizzard, ArenaNet, Cliffy B, Square Enix, Xbox, Devolver, Fullbright.
So we have a lot of big names, and that's really just a portion of the list there.
But I don't see Valve on the list, just so you know. But we'll see.
Seriously, it would be over if Gabe just walks out on the stage. He just has to poke his head out from behind the curtain and go,
hi guys, it's over. It is fucking over. That's all he has to do.
And the number three, whether it be Portal 3, Left 4 Dead 3, the internet will break.
It will break faster than Kim Kardashian's ass, Caitlyn Jenner, all of it.
Half Life 3 is trending. Let's see what's going on here.
Anyway, that might be a bit of a pipe dream, but I do think Valve is due for something.
Like, what was the last thing they've put out? Dota 2 was 2013. They're due.
I know they're working on Left 4 Dead 3 and Portal 3 and hopefully Half Life 3.
Source Engine 2, so...
I can't help but wonder if there's gonna be some type of bundle, like the orange box type of thing.
What if Valve just dumps all this on us at once?
The threes bundle.
I know, right? I don't know, anyway.
And now I'm going crazy. Now, this is just fan wank.
Going to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Brad from Pod Culture says,
I still like Skye's idea of three being shown and GLaDOS taking over.
Let's see, Act F says,
Gabe Newell will come out and talk about people wanting a game with the number three on it
and announce a new game called exactly that, 3, a new IP.
I think they already have a game called Threes. Close.
It would be funny, though, if they did that, but they just have three on stage
and it just keeps changing from, like, you know, the Half Life 3...
They even have that song, three is a magic number, like, can you...
Anyway, alright.
I just think just silence, you know, just have absolute silence.
He slowly walks up on the stage, but it's all dark.
Spotlight on Gabe. Half Life 3 drops mic done.
That's right. Anyway, alright.
We need... that press conference needs to be over and done with already
so we can move on past this, like, Valve fantasy.
It's never gonna happen. Never gonna happen. Ever.
It's so fun to think about, though, in my head.
Like, all the different ways Gabe Newell could just troll the internet.
Alright, let's move on.
The hype is so high, it'll never match.
Let's move on to something a little less trolly.
Let's talk about Microsoft.
Now, I realize some of their stuff's been spoiled already,
but we'll just pretend we haven't seen that.
What else could Microsoft... I can't believe everything's been spoiled.
I would like to see some more stuff about Crackdown.
Hopefully we'll see a little bit more details with that.
More Quantum Break.
I think playable Crackdown on the show floor is definitely happening.
Definitely, that would be pretty nice.
I don't really know what else he would have.
I mean, I guess Halo 5, you know, would have some more stuff on Halo 5.
Maybe a new trailer or something.
And then whatever new IPs they're gonna come out with.
I mean, I really don't know what else they have kind of in the works,
other than the Quantum Break thing.
Are they still doing the whole TV show integration with that?
I mean, I don't know how that works.
I think that was still in the cards.
Like, even though with the Microsoft Entertainment thing folding,
I think they passed it off somehow that it's still happening.
And it's probably a part of why it's taken so long.
Sorry, I hate to go backwards, but I'm laughing too hard at the shit
I read in chat about the whole Half-Life 3 stuff.
S2100matt says,
He puts up three fingers on stage, followed by four fingers,
and the four horsemen appear.
I feel like we need to do a list list at some point
about the way I want Gabe to announce Half-Life 3.
I like that.
I think maybe if we have time next week.
Next week's gonna be a hard show to fit that stuff in.
He puts up three fingers in the air,
also starts a Knights of the Round summon type thing,
where the goats of demons flying through the air.
People in the audience's faces are melting.
You know, just ridiculous stuff.
Alright, anyway.
Moving on.
So, Microsoft for me.
Well, I would like there to be a Forza Horizon 3,
but it sounds like we're gonna get a different Forza,
and I'm okay with that as well.
Other stuff from Microsoft.
This year is Halo 5 as well, isn't it?
Yeah, Halo 5.
So, I think we'll definitely be seeing a lot about that.
We also know Rise of the Tomb Raider is gonna be one of their holiday,
well, you know, obviously not theirs, but their partner.
Totally exclusive, never coming to another console at the same time.
They're still gonna hype the fuck out of it
so that you want to buy it as soon as it comes out,
which, you know, the first Tomb Raider game of this saga was great,
so I have full faith the next one will be really good as well.
So, it doesn't seem like there's a lot of room for surprises.
Windows 10 stuff they could be talking about, I'm guessing.
I feel like they're gonna keep that talk out of E3,
and if it is there, it's extremely minimal.
They might be talking about game streaming and some of the features that go with that.
Well, if Microsoft's on that PC conference, that's where they'll talk that stuff.
I really think they're gonna keep their spiel to, like, Xbox only.
But they might kind of, like, drop in a thing like,
oh, and when you're using Windows 10, you can control this on the Xbox.
You know we haven't heard much about, since they announced it,
was that Telltale Minecraft series that they're supposed to be doing.
Oh, yeah.
I think Microsoft could also drop the bombshell with Minecraft 2.
And as much as you guys want to be like,
I have full belief Microsoft will attempt to make a Minecraft 2.
If they don't do it this year, they're gonna do it next year.
Do you think they'll show HoloLens stuff?
You know, as far as, like, gaming related?
Or is it still too early?
They kind of showed a little bit of that, and it got some real mixed feedback,
so I feel like showing it again is too soon,
unless they have the right game to show with it.
I think it just might be too soon.
But I don't think that's gonna be the case with Sony.
Let's move on to Sony real quick then, because I just want to say,
you know, I think Morpheus will be back.
And I think there's a distinct possibility we will find out the real name,
even though it's not due until early 2016.
That would still be before the next E3.
So I believe we're gonna find out the name this year,
and I think we will get an inkling of what the launch titles for that are gonna look like.
I already know what the launch title for that's gonna be.
No Man's Sky.
You think No Man's Sky is gonna go to the Morpheus?
I think No Man's Sky is gonna have Morpheus support.
I think that's gonna be the one that's gonna kind of headline, you know, for that.
Because it seems like it's a very immersive, like, 3D world that that would benefit from VR.
It's a little out there, that guess, but it's not outside the realm of possibility.
Just because you're looking at, like, some of the creatures and stuff,
they had scale would come into play a lot with that,
and I think that you would get a lot of benefit out of, like, 3D with that.
Either way, I still want to play the game VR or not, so...
Well, I think the rumors are completely true about the Crash Bandicoot reboot,
so I would expect that that's gonna be something we see out of Sony as well.
So there's that.
What else for Sony, you think?
They have a big kind of blank spot for the holiday.
They put out a lot of, like, weird shit.
Like, remember last year, they announced a bunch of stuff that still hasn't come out yet.
So I'm guessing...
Well, Powers is out. You can download every episode now with PlayStation Plus.
Woo!
It would be interesting to see where, you know, where else they're going with that,
if they're gonna do some more exclusive shows and stuff.
I never got in the Powers, but I guess I still have access to that.
I would just...
Where's my Drive Club PlayStation Plus?
I think there's a distinct possibility that that floodgate will open at E3.
I think there's a very good possibility that they'll come out and say,
the Drive Club PlayStation Plus is available now, you know, or something.
But they're gonna word it in such a way, like, they're not gonna make it look like a,
hey, remember we promised it and never delivered it.
They're gonna make it sound like, you know, you've been waiting for,
the moment you've all been waiting for type of thing.
They're gonna hype it up a lot more than people think for the Drive Club announcement,
which could be at E3.
I think every company will have one surprise that's available on their store that day.
Gran Turismo 7?
Possibly. Why not?
That could be something to pull out.
We'll see.
Going to our chatroom over at Live.
Also, that is another title I could see Morpheus support for.
That would be like, you know, cause Drive, or was it Project Cars did pretty well.
God, I think I get motion sick with that.
Going to our chatroom over at Live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says, I think Rob would rather they announce what No Man's Sky actually is.
Yes, that would be great.
Now, I know there's a YouTube where they finally actually showed the game,
but it would be great to talk a little bit more about the game.
Darktosuya said, did that storybook thing they demoed last year, did that ever come out?
I don't think it did.
And BobbyBlackWolf talking about No Man's Sky.
That says, it's actually Frog Fractions 2.
Let's pray. Let us pray.
Oh man, what if Frog Fractions 2 shows up at the PC thing?
That would be great.
Sadly, I doubt it.
Frog Fractions 2.
Oh my god, that's it.
Gabe Newell comes out on stage and announces Frog Fractions 2.
Or he just announces Frog Fractions 3.
The number 3 comes up and he says, hey guys, I'm here to announce the highly anticipated third game.
Frog Fractions 3.
And everybody would be like, what the fuck happened to Frog Fractions 2?
He's like, I don't know.
Chatroom also talking about the Microsoft thing saying we forgot to mention the remastered Gears of War.
No, I didn't forget to mention it.
You just don't care.
I just don't care. Not my type of game, sorry.
It was okay, but I mean, I'm not all that excited about remasters right now.
Although, I'll preface that with, although I would totally dig a Skyrim remaster right about now.
Maybe that could be a surprise to Bethesda, as much as the remaster thing is starting to get old.
With a game like that that you can spend hundreds of hours in, I don't think it's going to be that bad.
Especially with all the content and everything.
Quickly, anything else you expect to see out of E3?
Because for me, I'm going to be very upset, very upset if I don't have a lot more information on the next Mass Effect game.
It is fucking time.
I want details on the next Mass Effect game.
If you're not calling it Mass Effect 4, then what is it?
Show me the hero.
Give me some more information.
Are those rumors from a couple months ago?
Do they have any base?
So I really, like I need it. I need it.
I want to see more info about Lego Dimensions.
That might be one of the only collectible games that I actually get into.
And because it's Lego, because shit, you know what?
If I get tired of that game, I have more fucking Lego pieces.
So I don't see a downside to this.
So I'm interested in hearing about that.
Just Cause 3, because I love the sandbox games.
Just Cause is just amazing and I really want to check that out.
Same goes along with Mad Max.
The Mad Max game actually looks pretty awesome as well.
Same developer, yeah. Yes it is.
And then definitely No Man's Sky and Crackdown.
I do love me some Crackdown.
But you know what I would love?
I would love, love, love.
And please God, just don't screw this up any more than you've already screwed up the last few games.
I would love a Saints Row 5 announcement.
But I'm just worried that they're just like...
It's gonna be terrible.
Now, put it this way.
Cannon wise, they could reboot the whole franchise and it would make sense.
Cause at the end of, you know, um, God out of Hell.
That was one of the endings that they could, that retcons the whole thing.
I'm fine with that. Just start the whole thing over again.
And it could be canon.
Just don't fuck it up. Just don't fuck it up as long as it's time traveling and shit.
Saints Row is some of the hardest I've ever laughed playing a video game.
So just as long as it doesn't leave justice to humor.
That's the thing though. It wasn't like that.
It was, it was funny, but it was also like, holy shit, that was really fucked up that what just happened.
That's Saints Row 2.
Saints Row 2 had like a lot of fun. It's like, haha, I'm playing a mission where I'm shooting shit at people.
And then like at the second, oh shit, he just crushed his girlfriend in the back of his car.
I still love Saints Row 3 though.
I still, like, I have not laughed that hard in a game in so long.
Like the whole airplane sequence in the beginning, good God.
Yes, exactly. That's why that was awesome, because it's so over the top.
I have no problem with it.
It's the Kung Fury of video games.
I have no, I, that is some excellent inspiration. They should really run with that.
And I have no problem with it being stupid over the top.
I have a problem when they just try to like do some really, like, where they go too ridiculous.
Like now it's with superpowers and aliens and shit. It doesn't make any fucking sense at that point.
You've made the, you know, Matrix Reloaded mistake where you gave them too much power too quickly.
Or I should even say that's the hero's mistake as well.
Too much power too quickly and just going way too over the top too fast.
Because the question is, once you've gone that far, where do you go from there?
I mean, I guess I could do time traveling, but then you're not even fucking playing Saints Row anymore.
It doesn't make any goddamn sense.
Alright. Well, we'll talk a little more about E3 and get Jamie's thoughts as well.
Next week, I'll try very hard not to rehash the same conversation.
We'll talk a little bit more because I'm sure even more cards are going to be put on the table throughout this next week as to what we can expect at the big show.
I'm just now realizing, like, shoot, I need to just ask for that Monday off work even though I'm not going.
There's just too many, like, I can't sit at my desk knowing that EA is having a press conference where there may be, I can't do it.
I'm not going to be able to focus. I'm going to have to tell my boss, look, I'm not going to be able to do it.
Or I need to take a late lunch.
So when are the press conferences on Monday?
Monday press conferences. Microsoft starts things off, I think, 9 a.m. Don't hold me to these times.
EA is after that, I think, at noon. Ubisoft's would be about 3 o'clock and then Sony about 6 o'clock.
And then I think the PC thing is on Monday too.
I'm trying to check and make sure. That might be on Tuesday this year, actually.
And I wish I had some paid time off, but I would be willing to take a day off. I just don't have any days off.
Alright, well stay tuned. We'll remind everybody, we'll give you the full rundown next week on when everything is and, you know, when to set your VCRs and all that.
Or be already on Twitch, have your app up and all that stuff.
Can we also have, like, really quickly, going back to the PC and Valve announcement things.
Can we also have when, you know, when GLaDOS comes out to say, oh, it's not actually Half-Life 3, it's Portal 3.
Can we also have, like, Smoke being pumped into the room, saying that she's releasing, you know, toxic nerve gas or something. Neurotoxins.
Let's have it happen. Absolutely.
I think we should do that. It should be green smoke that they pump into the room.
Alright. Let's move on. How is your gaming week? We need to talk about the video games that we have been playing this week.
So, Loki, how is your gaming week?
This week has been the week of Steam. Well, it's been just a week of playing a couple games on Steam.
I've noticed that.
I've played, I went back and started playing Skyrim again, just because I got all excited about playing Skyrim after, like,
geez, I really wish they'd do a remastered Skyrim. And I was like, nah, I just played Skyrim. So I did.
And I've been playing a little bit of that. I finally got it fixed where I was having an issue where my Steam Workshop stuff wasn't syncing with it.
It was because one of the workshop items I put in there, like, the guy had stopped working on it and removed it.
But instead of, you know, removing it off the service, like, you know, that makes sense, it just bugged everything out.
So I had to, like, kind of remove them all, or I was removing them one by one, and once I got to that one, it's like, oh, now they're all loading.
Like, oh, thanks a lot, jackass. So, got that all fixed.
And then the actual new game they played this week was LEGO Worlds.
And LEGO Worlds is one of these things, it's kind of a surprise announcement where they put it on Steam early access.
And it is, like, the cross between, sort of like a cross between Minecraft and LEGOs.
And I was like, Minecraft and LEGOs, I love both of those things, this should be amazing.
It's actually not very amazing. It's very early. There's not really much you can do.
I mean, aside from being able to build with LEGOs, which you can honestly do that anywhere, including, like, on Google and stuff, you can build stuff out of LEGOs.
Aside from just building with LEGOs, there's really no point to the game.
You kind of wander around and you find, like, decoration stuff.
So, like, if you run across a flower, it's like, oh, okay, now you can build a flower, if you collect enough studs to purchase the flower.
And so, you know, you have to go around just kind of grinding things.
You can't really dig into the ground unless you have, like, something that creates explosions, but there's no real, like, cave systems or anything.
It's just kind of wandering about while you try to figure out the point of the game.
And the way they have everything spawning into the game, it just doesn't make any sense right now.
The way they have, like, there's one spot that's sort of, like, next to the water, it's supposed to be, like, fishing stuff.
And they have fishing poles, like, up in the sky and, like, fucking just, like, way up on a hill.
I'm like, there's no way you're gonna catch a fish when the water's, like, four miles away from where that is.
It's just nonsensical stuff. Like, cavemen up in a tree, and then there's horses all over the place now.
So it still feels, like, really too early?
It just, it feels really early. Like, it's pretty. It just, it feels really, like, like, this is way early in development.
But I remember the first time I played Minecraft. That was the biggest difficulty I had, was that I don't get the fucking point.
And that kind of seems like what I'm hearing you say at LEGO.
But at least that, though, you kind of, you figure out that you have to, like, mine resources to survive.
So there's no...
Not until they put the tutorial in the game that they finally get Minecraft.
I understand that. But, like, even in this LEGO game, there's not really anything you do other than you try to find all the possible things that you can build,
and then you try to break enough things to collect studs to purchase those said things that you found.
And that's really it. I mean, they've got, you can fly in a dragon. That's kind of cool.
It's just...
Do they have any, like, multiplayer element stuff where you go to other people's worlds?
No. Not yet.
No? Too early?
Not yet.
That's a little early then.
There's nothing there. No multiplayer stuff. There's no survival aspects to it other than, oh, you may get attacked by a skeleton. Maybe.
See, I think that's part of what made Minecraft really magical was the whole fact that people would set up their own servers and all that.
Well, yeah. In Minecraft, though, there was, like, actually, oh, you have to survive. LEGO games, like, you just kind of have to wander around and find everything.
And the draw distance is really short, and so, maybe that's my PC, but it's pretty minimal, and, like, you get lost pretty easily because there's no map,
and there's no real way to kind of orient yourself. You just kind of wander off in a direction.
S2100 Matt in our chat says, yeah, I felt they should have worked on it more and not put it on early access.
KayaJudo says, super early access.
Yeah, it's really early. I mean, it's just, I don't know. I mean, they've got different, like, I see a picture of, like, a drilling machine thing, but it's like, ooh, okay, I drilled a hole.
Did I drill into a cave? No.
We need to wait for this one to cook a little more before it's ready.
Yeah, it's got a long ways to cook.
Fair enough.
But technically, you know, within the guidelines, I could return it, but we're not going to do that.
I still would probably play this later on.
We'll talk about that later. Anything else for your gaming week you want to share?
That's about it. I think I got my cat thing done, so now I was modeling a jetpack for the back of the cat, and I came up with something, but I didn't like the way it looked, so I'm redoing it.
But should be hopefully done with that part, and I'm trying to get the whole animation thing done, because now all I have to do is,
the script where they just blast off in the outer space for some reason, after a set amount of time.
My gaming week. Actually, I didn't really play a lot of new stuff this week. I've been a little challenged for gaming time this week, so, you know, when I have been gaming,
still checking in with Final Fantasy XIV, but I am ready for that expansion. I am ready for that to come out, which, thank God, doesn't come out the same week as E3, but really close.
So, yeah, I'll be, God, that's another day I'm going to really want to take off work.
Nah, just kidding, MMOs never work the day the expansion comes out or whatever, so that's going to be a lot of gaming time in a couple weeks.
You're going to hear me saying nothing, but I've been playing Final Fantasy XIV Heavensward.
So what are the new jobs that they added?
The new jobs that they're going to put in the game, which I do plan to go full balls to the wall,
Astralogion is what I'm going to do in the game, which is the new healer class, but it sounds like it has card draw elements that Corsair and Final Fantasy XI had,
which I really enjoyed playing that class. So, yeah, Astralogion is one of them, and then they're going to put in Dark Knight,
but Dark Knight is now a tank, so they've changed some things from what you would remember.
If you're remembering Final Fantasy XI Dark Knight, it's not the same way it's going to work in XIV.
I thought Dark Knight was a tank in Final Fantasy XI. No, that was Paladin.
Yeah, Paladin and Ninja, which is a DPS in XIV, so you can't really apply XI logic to XIV, they're different games.
Was Ninja a tank? I thought Warrior was a tank.
Yeah, because you had to semi-introduce to dodge the attacks.
Anyway, then Machinist is the other new class, which looks really cool, actually.
If I wasn't so hell-bent on leveling a healer, because that's why I enjoy playing, I'd probably go for a Machinist, because they look like a lot of fun.
So what do they do?
They have guns, which, you know, yay guns.
Yup, winner.
And they also create little toys. I don't want to say the puppeteer, but it's similar to that concept.
It's basically, what's his name from? Final Fantasy VI. That guy.
Oh, Edgar?
Edgar, yes.
Kind of, actually. I think that's probably where the inspiration comes from.
Oh, I hope they get the chainsaw in there.
Yeah, right. So, anyway, there you go. That's what's coming in Final Fantasy XIV.
So the game is a little bit like we're definitely in a lull.
Like, you can keep running the same content and really get your gear in tip-top shape and ready to go over the expansion.
Some people are catching up. I've seen some people log into the game this week that have not played the game in like a year.
And they are going like, holy shit, I have so much story to catch up on from all these patches, oh my god.
So, like, a lot of people are working on that, that are coming back for the expansion.
So if you're planning to come back to Final Fantasy for the expansion, you probably want to get started on the story that you've missed out on.
But I don't like, again, I don't like that it seems like a lot of this expansion is going to be gated behind Realm Reborn.
I still think there's a lot of great content in Realm Reborn and so forth, but as it stands right now, it seems like an awful lot is gated.
So I really hope they're doing something to either, A, incentivize players big time to run old content.
Like there's going to be some type of roulette that helps players that are catching up finish their story quests or something.
Or I hear that drop rates for things like relics are going to increase like crazy so that way people can get caught up real fast.
So we'll see, we'll see though, in a couple weeks.
We're supposed to get the patch notes for Final Fantasy XIV 3.0.83, so that I'm excited about.
Because I think the pre-patch is probably coming that week. We'll see though.
Let's see, as far as other games I've been playing, I'm still playing Splatoon, which is a good time on the Wii U.
Still some of the same issues I talked about last week, but I'm having a lot of fun with single player mode.
And then going back through with the amiibo and trying to get the equipment that you can then go in and use in the regular game when you're playing online against random opponents.
And I've got to admit, and I know this will probably annoy people, and I don't care because this is what's fun for me.
I love the paint roller. I'm having so much fun with the paint roller.
And, you know, there's a lot of fun strategy in you roll and then you see somebody so you immediately dive in and kind of like swim around.
Like if you're painting around a pole or something and you see them coming up, you go and you swim around the pole and then you pop up so that player can't see you.
And then as they come around the pole, you run over them with the paint roller.
Like I'm starting to get into that kind of like thinking the strategy through a little bit and it's really kind of fun.
So, you know, god, yeah, Splatoon is such a neat little spin on a familiar genre and I think it's great.
You know, again, there's ways that it could be even better, which frustrate me, but I still really like it.
And the single player game's been a lot of fun and very strong and fun to work through, so there is all that.
So that's pretty much it. I haven't really played any new games this week.
Just for a change, actually getting used to playing the games that I already have.
Anyhow, let's get into some housekeeping real quick because I have a few things to get into.
I will read a couple comments from our chat here real quick over at live.vognetwork.com.
ActDeaf says, but I love splatting people with the paint roller.
Dark Tetsuya says, I used to be team roller until the zapper came out.
Alan Alchemy in our chat trying to explain why some of the content in XIV is gated saying,
a blue chip main NPC fucking dies. If they don't want to gate that content, they'll need a pop-up that says,
okay, we took the gating down if you're wondering why and so-and-so isn't here.
Oh well, here's your confusing content now. Didn't WoW kind of do that though?
I don't know. I guess you could kind of like burn through WoW's content,
but when WoW released a new job, you could also start as that job from level one and rework your way through the content.
And I think that's the thing that's getting some people is the fact that this astrologian and these new jobs are also gated.
So if you want to play them, you're going to have to finish the content.
So I see where people are a little weirded out by that because in WoW, when they released Monk,
you just started a monk the day the game came out and played your way through.
But anyway, Alan Alchemy also says, Cataclysm and Pandaria were like read the novels lol and I didn't do that shit.
No one I knew did that shit.
Alright, back to housekeeping. I have a little bit I need to get through tonight.
If you missed us plugging it last week, we actually have a mod available.
This is probably the last time I'll mention it, but we have a mod available on Steam for the Typing of the Dead overkill.
In celebration of our 600th episode, we actually released a mod called OLR Podcast Words.
And here's the amazing thing.
If you go to the workshop page for the Typing of the Dead right now on Steam, we are the most popular item from the past week.
Can you believe that, Loki? The OLR Podcast Words, number one most popular item in the past week.
We beat out the Parappa the Rappa dictionary and the Homestar Runner pack.
That's quite a compliment there.
Wow.
I know. I'm like, wow, I need to go download the Homestar Runner pack. I love that.
So there you go. That's pretty awesome.
So if you want to support that, of course it's free. Of course it is.
It's just silly inside jokes from our show. A lot of them will go over your head unless you've been listening a very long time.
So check that out on Steam if you are playing the Typing of the Dead overkill.
Speaking of games being released, our buddy YYR this week on PlayStation Network for the Vita specifically,
you can't do this on PlayStation 3 or 4, but on the Vita, released a port of his game.
Pixel Poops is available. Yes, it happened. We talked about it a couple weeks ago on the show, but it is now officially out.
You can go download. Yes, this game was called Pixel Shits, but obviously Sony wasn't going to put that on their store.
So Pixel Poops is now available on the Vita for $0.79. That's it.
You probably have that money in your wallet from when you funded $5 and had leftover money.
Or say when you rented a movie. Exactly. Like Pitch Perfect last night and you have $1.01 left over.
Exactly. You can go onto the Vita. You're going to want to check the PlayStation Mobile section,
and that's where you'll find Pixel Poops released by YYR.
Look, this game isn't going to win any awards. It's silly. It's dumb.
But I love supporting YYR and the fact that he's making these silly visions that we talk about here on the show come to life,
and obviously putting his own big spin on it. So I just want to support YYR. It's $0.79, people.
Here's the other thing. You can only get this game for like five more weeks, because as it is a part of PlayStation Mobile,
because that was the easiest way for YYR to get it out there with you.
Yeah, you have until September to download it, and then that's it. You can't redownload it or any of that stuff.
So you have to kind of know all that going in. But again, $0.79. That's less than a dollar.
Less than a bag of chips out of a vending machine for Pixel Poops. So consider that, y'all.
All right. Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
SHO100Matt says, Give YYR your money. All $0.79 of it.
AkumaJP says, Yay, poop.
Bonds006 says, LOL, I saw Pixel Poops for sale on PSN.
Akdev says, Vita, system of 2015 because of Pixel Poops. That's fantastic. Thank you so much.
So there it is. Yeah, available in the PlayStation Store.
Also, I have a lot of housekeeping tonight, sorry.
Southern Fried Game Room Expo is going to be happening in Atlanta on June 19th through the 21st.
VOG Network, which we're a part of, is sponsoring this show.
And our pal Bobby Blackwolf will actually be there with two of the panels.
He's going to be moderating two of the panels at the Southern Fried Game Room Expo.
That is coming up, so check that out.
If you're anywhere near the Atlanta area, you should check this out.
Play some old school games, meet some old school gamers and some celebrities from those years like Billy Mitchell and all that.
And just celebrate retro and modern gaming with an emphasis probably on the retro game room and all that collectible type stuff.
That's again the Southern Fried Game Room Expo.
I wish I could go, but unfortunately with some things going on in my real life, I couldn't make it work this year.
Maybe next year.
Lastly, I have one more thing and this is very important for our housekeeping segment tonight.
Speaking of the VOG Network, there's another show on the VOG Network that I've talked about on this show plenty of times.
Because it's the show that I was doing before Orange Lounge Radio and for a period of time when OLR first started, I was doing this show and Orange Lounge Radio.
It was Saturday and Sunday nights I was doing shows.
That show is under sedation live and it is still on the network here, VOG Network, every other Sunday night as they announced last week.
Saturday night.
Sorry, every other Saturday night. I still had in my head the Saturday Sunday night.
They're going to be going to every other Saturday night until December 5th when they have announced that will be their last show.
They're doing the last thing and announcing their finale way out so that way we know exactly how much time is left and creatively they can figure out these are all the things we want to do between now and December 5th.
So Travis and Jessica have decided this is the time for them to say goodbye to under sedation live after 14 years.
And I know last week on the show we talked about, God, OLR has been around a long goddamn time.
Well, under sedation live has been around a really long goddamn time and props to Travis because he's kept that show going.
You know, under sedation live, it truthfully hasn't always been regular.
It hasn't been fiber through those 14 years, but props to Travis because he's pushed through that and still continued it in one way or another.
You know, there was the show we were doing at his house here in Sacramento when life moved him to Texas.
He kept it going in Texas and then he went on to the video thing and he went through several different iterations of that show with several different co-hosts.
And, you know, I know Travis's passion has been a big part of what's kept the show going this whole time.
So, you know, without him and without his support and without him really kind of showing me the ropes in the beginning on Life 365, I'm not sure there would be an Orange Lounge radio.
So congratulations, Travis, on so many years of internet radio and podcasting and I still have six months to give you shit before you call it a day on December 5th.
I don't know if he will continue on to other projects. I don't know if there may be a new podcast in a year or maybe he wants to get into video.
Maybe he has another project he wants to get into.
Maybe he wants to start a mobile, you know, liquid nitrogen ice cream company.
Who knows? Who knows what he wants to do? Maybe he just wants a fucking vacation.
Whatever he wants to do, I fully support him in that whatever he wants to do in the future.
And absolutely I mean that for Jessica as well, although I kind of already know in the back of my mind.
Jessica's taken on a lot of that stuff that I retired from last year with the Rocky Horror and the shadow casting.
So I kind of know how she's going to fill her time.
So with Travis, you know, I obviously, VOG Network and Bobby feels very similarly as I'm sure a lot of our podcasting and broadcasting friends on Network feel has our full support in whatever he wants to do.
You know, again, without Travis, probably wouldn't be a vognetwork.com.
So as long as it's around Travis, you have a place to hang your hat if you want to.
You know, maybe Travis wants to do a gaming channel on Twitch. I don't know.
So if that's what he wants to do, I still support him in whatever it is he does. So we'll see.
Anyhow, that was very important to me, so I want to make sure I got that out here.
Again, you can check out the final episodes of Undersedation Live every other Saturday here at the Voice of Geeks Network up until December 5th.
He will also be at Dragon Con this year, which he is saying is his last Dragon Con.
I don't know. We'll see about that. I don't know. When Travis says something, he usually means it, but I think Dragon Con will be really, really hard, but we'll see.
I would say show up to Dragon Con and give Travis a hug IRL if you're going to be able to be there over Labor Day weekend in Atlanta.
Okay, let's get back into some gaming news. We're only an hour into the show, and finally we're going to get into some gaming news.
Let's get to it. Loki, starting us off tonight.
This is unfortunate. You know there are other options out there other than Steam to purchase indie games.
One of those major options being Desura. Unfortunately, this really hadn't been announced up front by the company behind Desura, which was Badmojo.
They filed for bankruptcy. Or Badjuju, I should say. Badjuju. They filed for bankruptcy.
The way that everybody found out was one of the guys behind Indie Royale, which is another website run under the parent company Badjuju.
They said, hey, if you do a search for Badjuju and bankruptcy on Google, you'll find out about that.
So, what exactly does this mean? Don't know yet, but this isn't something that's totally unexpected.
For example, they weren't actually making their payments to developers right after they acquired Linden Labs.
Apparently, this is back from last month. They were saying the acquisition of the company last year has presented us with a number of very difficult issues to tackle.
We've been clearing those hurdles as efficiently as we're able to. This is compounded by the office being relocated and the current hospitalization of our CEO.
The short answer is there's been delays, but it's not a refusal to pay, just a lot of issues that piled up and created a backlog.
It's something we're working in the remedy. Desura does not have any automation in place and hasn't since day one.
We have looked into a system ourselves, but it's far easier said than done. This was compounded by the acquisition moving on offices.
So, I don't know how much of that was actually accurate then, considering that literally a month later, or less than a month later, they are filing for bankruptcy.
So, I don't know what's going to happen to those developers.
I've been reading through a lot of the different forums through Reddit and stuff where all the developers talk to each other about this kind of crap.
And a lot of them were like, well, yeah, they had such a high threshold to be paid out. I think it was like, you know, 500 pounds or euro or whatever to be paid out on a thing.
That's like, you know, all that money that they had accumulated, but hasn't been paid out yet because they've hit their threshold, may not ever get paid out now.
Jeez. Going to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeonbuster in our chatroom says, actually, Bad Juju bought Desura from Linden Labs. I guess Desura was having money troubles then, too.
Continuing on to say, from what I've seen, they might have filed for Chapter 7, but don't quote me on that.
I see here, I can find that out real fast, actually.
Now, if the company files for bankruptcy, can't the developers who are missing money, can't they go after the bankruptcy court or the bank or something like that?
Like, I don't remember how that all works. I mean, I'm by no means a financial or legal expert, but I feel like the developers will have some recourse.
But it also seems like it might be more expensive to do this than whatever they're actually making on Desura.
Possibly. I mean...
Which is unfortunate.
Yeah, I'm not sure. I'm trying to see real quick if I can find out what type.
Sure. You know, we've had listeners in the past say, all you ever talk about is Steam. You know there's other people out there besides Steam, right?
There's Desura and there's Humble Bundle and Good Old Games and all this stuff, right?
And I think competition is a good thing. So, in that regard, it is definitely a bummer to see Desura go.
And Desura certainly supported a lot of really indie, like, homegrown stuff.
You know, there wasn't necessarily that same green light process, so to speak, that you would see on Steam and so forth.
So you had a lot of really underground stuff on Desura.
But I think that was both a blessing and a curse, because how did Steam get big?
It was able to ride the coattails of the fact that it had the Valve games on it.
How did Good Old Games get big? Well, it's by the people who did The Witcher.
And, to be fair, they were also filling a niche in the beginning. It was a very niche thing.
This quote-unquote abandonware that hadn't really been done before.
And now they're kind of mixing that with the current stuff.
And then you look at Humble Bundle, and they were doing something a little bit different, too.
With, you know, putting these games together and you could get them for a penny if you wanted to.
But yet, you find that people are willing to pay more when you find out a percentage can go to charity or they can get a bonus game or what have you.
Well, and even beyond that, I mean, there's, like, the Gala Store. Like, there's the Indie Gala website you can check out.
I used to browse between Indie Gala, Bundle Stars, and, like, Indie Royale quite often for different Steam bundles.
Because it's dirt cheap, and you can get a ton of games that you probably won't play, but whatever.
At the same time, though, I just was kind of interested, especially, like, one that I think turned me on to Bundle Stars was the one bundle that they had.
Or Defense Wars Insect Armageddon on PC. I was like, shit, I can't pass that up.
Insect Armageddon for, like, five bucks, along with a bunch of other games? Hell yeah, sign me up.
So, it is kind of disappointing to see that probably one of these bundle sites is going to go under because of this as well.
But then it just, it also sucks that when it is, like, these homegrown developers, like, you know, and I can't help when I think about Desura.
I think about, you know, we just had Gabriel here a couple weeks ago from the Sacramento IGDA who was really excited that his Crumple demo went to a Desura.
You know, and I think, like, oh, okay, so, like, a network like that is supporting guys like him, so I feel really awful that they're going under because that was a big, that was a really big thing for him.
At the same time, you know, just don't put all your eggs in one basket, too. I mean, diversify out there.
And to be clear, he, you asked him that on Twitter, like, can I get your demo somewhere else? And he instantly said, yep, you can go here.
So, he did cover his bases as far as that goes, but yeah, I mean, a word to the wise for everybody else out there.
Yeah, and the other thing that they were reminding you of, there's a few developers out there saying, hey, if you do have any Steam keys that you purchased through Desura,
or, you know, you have anything that, you know, may have been purchased through that, you might want to redeem that shit now.
And that kind of makes me wonder, it's like, you know, with Desura, I'm not entirely familiar with, like, the DRM on that.
If it's going to be similar to Steam where, say, this does go under, they're going to flip a switch and all this shit's going to work, you know, without DRM, or is this just, like...
Didn't Desura never have DRM in the first place?
I don't know. See, that's why I'm saying it. I don't know if it did or not.
I think, as somebody in chat might correct me, but I think that was Desura's whole thing, but I could be wrong on that.
Maybe it was.
I might be also confusing that for the good old games thing, because they also really pimp that line a lot.
ActDeft in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com points out Five Nights at Freddy's started in Desura, you know, and obviously that became a phenomenon.
So, anyway. Well, it sounds unfortunate that it might get ugly, but I hope that a phoenix can rise from the ashes, as sometimes happens in gaming, and there can be another, you know, great front-end store that really caters to these, you know, like, really, really indie things that have to get their foot in the door somewhere.
Because, you know, again, Five Nights at Freddy's, that may have been missed, and that's a huge phenomenon.
Good old games has their thing coming out, so they've got it now where they're really kind of welcoming indies, just like they did with Greenlight.
And what's nice about the good old games one is you can even do a lower percentage of their cut up front, if you want to, like, you know, make a little bit more money up front, and then you just kind of, I don't know, I think it defaults at 10%.
So, good old games cut is 10%, you make 90% off of your styles, which, you know, default for Steam is, like, 30%, but they're saying, hey, you only have to do 10%, but it'd be nice if you did 30, but we're not going to make you do that.
So, that's something else, too, right there. I mean, that also is a little bit of an incentive to put your game out on good old games.
I know this isn't the best source for information, but take it what it will with Wikipedia. I think this would still help explain the DRM thing with Dasura.
Dasura does not impose digital rights management, and Dasura employees have commented against its use in the past, recommending that content producers ship without DRM, or at least use a CD key system instead.
However, Dasura lists itself as DRM neutral, and publishers and developers may sell games that require such technologies to be used.
Dasura will make sure users purchasing these titles are aware of the DRM it ships with and how it works, so that's how it works on Dasura.
So, you can't say it's DRM-free, but they kind of leave that on a game-by-game basis to be decided.
Well, going from the extreme indie to the extreme AAA title, this week, finally, one of the worst-kept secrets in gaming was unveiled to be true.
Fallout 4 is indeed happening with a trailer that showed up there on the internet. I don't know if you checked out the trailer. I watched it, and I'm sure a lot of you did.
Of course, I was like, oh, yay, dawg, and a lot of the visuals were really, really good, which isn't a surprise at all. But otherwise, it didn't show us a lot of gameplay.
I was just like, oh, right, Troy Baker, because seriously, I don't know what it is with Troy Baker and playing games with him. Any game that he's in there is like, oh, hey, I kind of want to play that more. I don't know why. It's his sultry voice, I guess.
He is everywhere. So, by the way, it was also confirmed that Fallout 4 is only being developed for the current-gen consoles, which we're in meaning now.
So, I don't like using next-gen anymore, because I kind of think we're enough years in where PlayStation 4 and Xbox One are current.
So, those consoles are what this game's been made for, and it will not be compatible with the older systems, as was first rumored, the 360 and the PlayStation 3.
Their lifespans are dying down. In fact, speaking of E3 this year, I would expect you're going to get absolutely nothing on the 360 or the PlayStation 3 out of Sony and Microsoft themselves.
Third parties might still have something here and there, but that's it. Those consoles are winding down.
So, anyway, Fallout 4 is the thing and will be for those consoles, although no gameplay yet.
But I imagine that's what we'll get at the Bethesda conference. We'll probably just get like 15 minutes of Fallout 4 footage.
I'm going to be honest with something, and some of you are really going to disagree with me on this, and I'm sorry, but I could never get into the Fallout games, and I've tried.
I'm with you. I tried New Vegas. I still want to be involved in it.
I know, because there's so much like Elder Scrolls. I want to love them.
The problem with Fallout, for me, I think I have to go back to Fallout 3. I just didn't like going from Skyrim to New Vegas. It just didn't feel right to me.
And maybe this will be more like Skyrim in a sense. I don't know if that makes any sense at all, but I just couldn't get behind the lore.
I don't know what it was that was holding me back with New Vegas. I just didn't like it very much. But I didn't give it a lot of time either.
I'll still try. I'm curious about it, and certainly this isn't one of those games where I look at it and go,
I don't understand why it's popular. I completely understand why people really love this series, so I get it in that regard.
My interest has peaked, and I'll see what they have to say at E3 about it, maybe showing some gameplay and all that stuff.
By the way, speaking of Fallout 3 and the earlier games, interesting that the trailer caused a bump in sales for Fallout 3 and Fallout New Vegas.
Some blogs pointing out if you look at Amazon's movers and shakers charts, those games really spiked in sale when the trailer went out there, so that's pretty cool.
I'm sure that a lot of people were telling their friends, oh, we've got to look at this trailer. What? You never played Fallout? Go check it out.
It's only like 10 bucks or whatever. That's probably a big motivation for these games and why they're moving the way they are.
Alright, let's move on. Loki.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about Amazon. Ironically enough, I was just on Amazon trying to see if they had some more of those PlayStation TVs in stock so they can buy it for Pixel Poops.
Anyways, Amazon. They accidentally let out some of the information about some new stuff that Microsoft will be having coming out, including a new Xbox One bundle that will be bundled with a one terabyte hard drive, the updated controller which features a 3.5 millimeter audio jack instead of proprietary shit.
I really hate when stuff is proprietary, but that would be nice to be able to plug in your own headset or headphones into that.
With that, it's also going to be bundled with the Halo Master Chief collection. It's supposed to be coming out June 15th, which happens to be the same day as the Microsoft press conference.
You can pre-order it now if you want to.
I honestly don't know why you would need the one terabyte hard drive, but shit, even with 500 gigs with the PlayStation 4 I have, it's not filling up that fast.
Strangely enough, I've been buying most things digital, so I don't know. I don't think hard drive space is that much of an issue right now, but I guess if you want to keep a lot of things on your hard drive, you could do that.
So we have that, and then along with that though, Forza 6. Those details were also kind of leaked out.
This, not by Amazon though, but by Xbox's own website, or Microsoft.jp.
They had announced, I think they translated the website a little bit, but 450 cars, 1080p at 63 per second visuals, night racing, there's going to be about 26 locations, two players, split screen, 24 player races, and Drivatar is coming back.
Oh yay, Drivatar. Some people had issue with that.
I'll be curious to see the framerate, if they can get that up to native 1080p. I just want better framerate on the Xbox One without them having to dumb it down and upscale, if you know what I mean.
I'm excited about the bundle though, because that was exactly the type of news I was waiting for out of E3, which is why I hadn't bought an Xbox One yet, because I knew they would be announcing something.
I'll just wait for holiday, once we get a crackdown bundle or something like that.
Oh you think that will be in the store for holiday? Yeah, I think I'm ready though. You know what, my birthday is in June, so I'll make a really good birthday present for myself, buying myself an Xbox One.
Maybe I can suggest that to the wife for me for my birthday cause, you know, I don't know, she doesn't really give me anything.
Well, say you really want it this year, we'll see, but you know.
Just buy everything for yourself. I'm like, I don't.
Sometimes you have to buy things for yourself. I don't, it's alright.
Alright, so yeah, I'm looking forward to the specifics on it. I wish it was like a different color, I know it sounds really stupid though, I wish it was a different color or something.
Exactly, wait, wait, cause they could be coming out, they have a white one. I don't know if I can.
They'll probably come out with a holiday, maybe they'll do some quantum break, I mean who knows. We'll see, we'll see.
Well moving on to talking about Amiibo, which I'm sure there will be a ton of those during the holidays, maybe, if you can find them anywhere.
Well, make sure if you're going to turn to the dark side of the internet to find your Amiibo, make sure you buy from a respectable source.
Because, which by the way, I forgot to mention earlier in the show, I got my NES Amiibo online, thanks to a Japanese import that threw up preorders during the week and I was on there and I got it.
So, yay, so I'm finally getting my stinking NES Amiibo. And then you know what I found out? After I got the NES Amiibo, Alan said, well, I had one coming in for you that I ordered for you for your birthday, so now you're going to have two.
Ooh, and then Shane. Oh, I was going to get you one of those for your birthday. Now you have three. So I may have a surplus of NES Amiibos coming in here.
Throw that shit up on eBay.
No, I would do an OLR giveaway first before I would do that. I would figure something out with that. Or I'd have one at work, because I do love NES and one at home, I don't know, we'll see.
I'll find it a good home somewhere, but I will not turn to the dark side of eBay. Because, and yeah, actually in chat, they're talking about trade. That's likely what I'm going to do with it, is I'm going to hang on to it and trade for something else that I really want, either right now or down the road.
Because I know those NESes will be pretty valuable at some point when they stop making them.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Under 80 with vognetwork.com, use the passphrase airport.
Anyway, if you are going to turn to the internet though, you've got to be careful, because counterfeit Amiibo are showing up. I'm surprised this didn't happen sooner.
But the interesting thing is the counterfeit Amiibo that are showing up are Pikachu, Mario, Link, and Samus. Apparently there are some stores in Brazil and some marketplaces where these counterfeit Amiibo are showing up.
Do they work?
I believe no, they're just the little figures. They're really good counterfeit figures that probably just have no chip in them.
I was going to say, if they have the chip in them, who gives a shit?
But I doubt that technology. They probably don't know how it's formatted or what Nintendo does in those things. So yeah, I'm pretty sure these are just figures, period.
I'm surprised they're doing these big popular ones and not the ones people are like crazy looking for.
And that's going to get real interesting when people start buying counterfeit Amiibo on eBay and Nintendo is going to get an earful about it.
I really want someone to ask Nintendo about this at E3. Like, what do you think about all the counterfeit Amiibo that are out there? I'm sure it'll be some textbook answer.
You know, like, well, obviously this isn't equal and we're doing what we can to prevent Amiibo, you know, but I just, this is what happens when you can't make enough of them.
I hope their bodies are ready for litigation.
So be careful when buying Amiibo online. Make sure they're still in the official Nintendo packaging.
I hope it's like, I hope it's like the counterfeit toys you get at the flea market. Those are the best, you know, like those weird packs of toys that they have.
Like here's a Ninja Turtle and Spiderman and Batman and I don't know what other crap they have and a minion and yeah, it's all one blister pack.
It's like what?
That's so weird.
I'll never forget that one time at the flea market when I was younger. It was probably like 10 years old.
My friend's parents took us out there at the flea market and, you know, you can get all sorts of interesting things out there.
And my friend and I, for whatever reason, we bought a toy shotgun.
And the thing about the toy shotgun is, you know how like guns have to be painted fluorescent colors and all that stuff so they don't actually look like guns?
This toy shotgun that we bought looked like a real fucking gun.
And so it was one of those things that you would, you would, you know, move the barrel back and all that and it would actually make the click and then like when you pulled the trigger it actually made this really loud like bang type of noise or whatever.
So I brought it home and my mother was pissed. She was like, Oh my God, what is that? You bought a gun? Why did you buy a gun? Oh my God.
What? You can't. Oh, you know, she was so upset. She took it away from me and probably hid it in the garage for me never to see again because I, I bought a realistic looking gun.
I was 10. I wasn't going to hurt anybody with it. We just liked that it made noises and it made for fun when we were horsing around on the yard going, I'm going to shoot you.
Yeah, be careful nowadays though. I mean, people get shot for less by cops. I mean, so.
SSU100Matt in chat says, and thus started Rob's fear of guns. See, when I was 10, that wasn't really an issue because I couldn't comprehend it the same way. And that, you know, now it's different.
So, uh, Cason in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says I had a realistic looking Uzi water gun. Yeah, they used to have some pretty, uh, pretty realistic guns out there.
All right. Anyway, Loki, I liked all my airsoft guns until they got stolen. Anyway. Um, so probably on sale at the same flea market now. Yeah, probably.
Um, one of the big pieces of news this week was steam allowing, um, customers to get refunds for any reason. Um, they're basically allowing, um, you to refund your purchase.
Now there are some stipulations to that. Basically you have to refund it within two weeks of purchase and with less than two hours of playtime.
And of course they're trying to be mindful to make sure that people aren't abusing the system. Um, but you know, basically saying, you know, refunds are designed to remove the risk of purchasing titles on steam, not as a way to get free games.
If it appears to us that you're abusing the refunds, we may stop offering them to you. And it's kind of just different reactions to people on this.
For example, there's so many developers that are not too happy about this and saying that it has actually quite a negative impact.
Uh, one of these being, uh, kweebo, um, developer of a game called beyond gravity and saying that out of our 18 sales, um, 13 were refunded in the last three days.
That's 72% of our purchases. Uh, the rate of refunds before was minimal, but with this, so like, and I gotta be honest, like I don't think it's such a big deal.
Um, and I think honestly, like, no, there's developers out there. They're saying, well, I have a game that's under two hours long and people are just going to play through it and refund it.
Well, my thing is if your game is under two hours long, I mean, isn't there some replayability to it? I mean, you're not just gonna let, let's be honest here.
Like journey was a pretty short game. I'm pretty sure you can complete that in less than two hours, but there's replayability to it.
It's like you keep wanting to play it over and over. So what if it's short, make it interesting along with that though, and this is more on the consumer side, you look at all these games on early access and stuff.
Hell, I, I follow, um, you know, Jim Sterling a lot of times and they, he does a lot of these kind of steam green light, you know, best of steam green light trailer things and, you know, showing early access games that are just completely fucking broken.
Like there's literally games out there that they'll release on early access that just don't fucking work at all.
And let's say you're just not aware of it. You know, you may go buy a trailer shows or something and you purchase it and it just may not work for you.
Or in a sake, like, you know, someone that's running a laptop that's not that powerful, say I buy a game like, you know, say I want to purchase Grand Theft Auto five and it just doesn't run on my laptop very well.
It would be nice to be able to get a refund for that if it's just not going to work.
So I think that the, it's nice to have that consumer protection out there, but I understand where developers are getting a little upset about it, but at the same time, maybe just means you have to try a little harder.
Um, with the whole, uh, uh, the fact that you might buy something and it doesn't work on your computer, like shouldn't steam be able to tell you, I know it doesn't, but shouldn't it just be able to tell you, yes, your computer meets the requirements of this game.
I wish it did. I wish it had like support, like Nvidia and AMD make those clients for the video cards. You can set your video settings automatically based on your computer specs. Like why can't they integrate some of that in the steam?
I don't know. I wish they did. I wish that when you got to, you know, the store page or whatever, like it just read your specs and knew whether this would run or not, or, Hey, your computer meets the minimum minimum requirements for this.
Uh, Hey, this meets the, you know, recommended requirements or here's, you know, people that have a similar PC specs to yours, here's that ran on their system.
Um, Akuma JP in chat over at live.voguenetwork.com says another example, look at pixel poops. We can poop all day. To be fair though, I mean, honestly, a game like pixel poops, look, I love what YIR did, but I understand if you're not going to have a two hour marathon session of playing pixel poops, it's a game that's, you know, meant to be played while pooping in short little bursts. Right.
And so, you know, I, but I would hate if, you know, I know the games on veto where this doesn't exist, but just making believe it was a steam game. I would hate for people to take advantage of it over 79 cents.
And I also think 79 cents kind of fits what you're buying in that regard.
I just think though, like the people that are going to do that, like try to abuse that type of system though, they weren't going to buy your game in the first place.
And it's just, it, once again, it's like piracy. You're, you're blaming these people that are refunding your game. It's just now that you can see that, you know, sort of exploitation.
I don't think if they were going to purchase your game and legitimate, like they're going to purchase it legitimately and they decided to refund it.
Well, why did they refund it? Why, why did they, that would be kind of nice as a little bit of feedback.
I wonder if steam is analyzing that at all. And they're probably not because their policy is, you know, for any reason whatsoever.
And maybe that I Loki, I can't believe it, sir, but I think you have an excellent idea is that I'm just giving you shit.
I think if maybe steam were to implement and maybe some of you in chat who have used this feature, maybe we're wrong. Maybe steam does ask you this, but I would be, I would think if steam would ask people, why are you returning the game?
It didn't run on my computer. I didn't have fun with it. Would you like to give any feedback to the developer?
They have that actually. They do have that to a certain extent. You can't really give feedback, but they have it like it didn't run on my computer.
And with that though, they take steps to try to prevent you from returning it. Like it didn't run on my computer. Oh, you had trouble running.
Okay. Well, did you try this, this and this, you know, like different recommendations or tips or help that they can help out the person with.
And then, oh, this still doesn't work. I still want a refund. Then go from there. But it'd be nice to have the feedback portion of that.
But at the same time, I'm worried that that would get exploited as well. I'm not really sure.
But once again, though, I don't think that necessarily like someone now that they had a system in place, I don't think that someone re, I mean, the fact that you have 13 out of 18 sales refund in the last three days.
What's that say about your game? I mean, honestly, is that what is going on that people don't like your game? I mean, if they are only getting two hours of enjoyment out of it, what's the, what's the deal?
Um, interesting comment in chat as well from Bobby Black Wolf saying, just because something is shorter doesn't mean it's not better. See Kung Fury.
Would it automatically make it a better movie if it was 90 minutes instead of 30? Not necessarily. Interesting perspective.
Okay. And here you've watched Kung Fury nine times as well, right? You've gotten your, and here's the thing. Okay. Two hours out of this game beyond gravity.
That he's talking about that they lost sales on. It's $2. It's basically a game. It looks like, I mean, not the knock mobile games. It looks like it was probably a mobile game at one time.
And you jump from planet to planet collecting powerups and it looks very simple and very short. Maybe just people are getting tired of it. I mean, maybe these it's, they're finding that the, they're just not getting a lot of enjoyment out of, you know, playing it for more than two hours.
Well, a developer does have an option to not put their game on steam, which, you know, but unfortunately one of their big other areas they could have done it just, just the shit hit the fan with that this week.
And, and, and the go along with this. So when he's talking about how many people refund it, go look at your reviews, buddy. I mean, that's one thing right there. You have a lot of people that don't like your game and they're giving you pretty specific reasons why they're not enjoying it.
That's why you're getting the refunds, not because people are exploiting the system. It's because they don't like your game because there's something in there that just doesn't rub them the right way.
That's what I'm saying is like, I think people need to try a little bit harder. I ultimately at one time want to get my game onto steam.
And I understand that people aren't going to like everything that I have to put in there, but that's why I'm trying to get as much, you know, content in there as possible. So it's longer than two hours so that people enjoy themselves.
You know, I'm not sure there's an easy answer to this. I really think this is one of those things that we're just going to have to try it and see what happens with it.
You know, I understand both the consumer and the developer side of things. I think as long as developers can continue to kind of track those really hard numbers about how this might be impacting them, that's probably good for making the case why it's a bad thing.
If steam might show a little more transparency as to what is considered abuse of the system, and I understand that they, I completely understand steam cannot come out and say, if you refund five games in 30 days, that's going to get you flagged for, you know, some type of review or something.
They can't do that because if they did that, everybody would push the limit and everybody instantly the entire internet would be like, you can go download four games and return them before they're going to watch you.
Like that's just unfortunately how mentality works. So they can't tell you what is considered abuse. They can just tell you we're watching you.
So we haven't heard of anybody getting shut down for it yet, although this is all still new.
Let's see. Go into our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. Dungeon Buster says, back during my NES days, I used to return games to Toys R Us every weekend because I'd finished them, mostly the arcade games like Stinger, quickly until the manager came out one time and told me they weren't a rental service.
Well, that's just abusing it right there. I mean, that's just straight up abuse.
And if you, you know, you, if you'd called corporate, you probably still could have even gotten around that. Not that I'm encouraging that type of behavior, but you know, I also kind of understand though, like if you're like really hyped about some game and then you buy it, like, and return it, like you should still get to play that card once in a while.
You know, like if you bought ET on the Atari 2600, you were like, God, this was not what they promised. It was, but this is, this is like this, like I've bought some bad games. This is bad. You know, I think everybody should get, you know, one card to use once in a while.
But how much is too much?
Well, with ET, I think there should be actual reparations paid out to everyone that purchased that card.
Anyway. All right. Of course, I pick on ET, but there were far worse 2600 games in that era. I mean, there were, ET did not cause the video game crash alone.
ET was one example of the trend that caused the video game crash. But anyway, that's, that's for another day.
Let's move on to talking a little bit about Splatoon. I mentioned earlier in the show, I'd been playing that this week, and Splatoon has been getting some pretty regular updates since its release just a short bit ago.
One of the things I'd bitched about how Ranked Battle was locked away. Well, they unlocked that pretty fucking fast. So I will give, you know, snaps to them for turning that around pretty quick.
So Ranked Battle is now available. If you have reached level 10 or higher, you can now access the Ranked Battle.
Also the new Nzap 85, the Nintendo Zapper that was seen in the manual that is now available in the game. You can get that as well.
So what's that do compared to like?
The gun goes a little bit faster, like it pew pews a little faster from what I've seen with it. And I think it might hit a little harder. And then the power ups that are with it, because you also have your clicking the R stick will do like a super power once in a while.
And then you can also use the R button to like throw a bomb or do some other type of disruption. So those powers change from like the other pew pew gun that you start with.
That's what makes the differences in some of the guns. So I can't speak to a lot.
Did they have a Super Scope 6? Because that would be amazing.
Not yet, but I bet they will get one.
Hope they do.
Also, then another Splatoon update hit. Version 1.2.0 did some more adjustments. And I guess there's some things that they changed online with, I don't know, the balancing and so forth.
Some new stages opened up with this. So, pretty cool there that they are supporting this game with a lot of the updates pretty quickly. So we'll see how long that trend kind of continues with Splatoon.
Very cool. Moving on, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and find some games that you'll be returning soon. I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
God, I hope not.
No, this week, not a whole lot coming out. I do know that we've got Lego Jurassic World. That's going to be coming out on the 12th.
And that's on Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Wii U. I'm kind of surprised about that.
And then, what else? Also, Elder Scrolls Online. The almost free-to-play edition. The buy-to-play, I guess. And that's going to be coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Finally.
Although I still am probably not going to buy that game. Maybe. I say that now. Maybe when it's on sale or something.
Yeah, I'm bummed that it's still not cross-server. That's the thing that gets me. If I get it on Xbox One, I can't play with people on PlayStation 4. I don't know why that bugs me as much as it does, but it does.
And I believe that's it.
Alright. Well, then we will travel over to... I'm actually going to start with... Oops. And I just, of course, closed the window.
Well, let me mention this while I'm pulling up the dates again. Tonight, we were going to do a big vote on should I continue to do Japanese releases?
Or am I going to trade with Dark Sakura permanently, since she's a little bit of a better Japanese speaker than I and let her do the Japanese release dates and I'll do Europe?
Or are the lol's too funny and I should keep doing them? We were going to do that vote tonight, although for obvious reasons I mentioned earlier and Jamie not being here tonight, we're going to postpone that a little bit and we will take that vote again on a later show.
But for now, while she's out, I guess that just means I have to read them both, don't I?
So let's start with Japan tonight. Coming out in Japan on the PlayStation 4 on June 11th, Alien Isolation as well as Chaos Child in a limited edition.
Winning soccer... Excuse me. World Soccer winning 11... I can't even pronounce when they're in English.
World Soccer winning 11 2015 gets a price reduction going into the Konami The Best collection there. Those are some of the releases in Japan.
Xbox One also gets Alien Isolation in Japan this week.
Moving on over to the Wii U. There really isn't anything in Japan this week. In fact, Yoshi's Woolly World... I'm sorry, that's even a Europe date that snuck on my list here.
The Japanese release date of Yoshi's Woolly World is in July and that's really the next big release for the Wii U that isn't some type of eShop exclusive or something over in Japan.
PlayStation Vita is still kicking though. Chaos Child is on the Vita this week as well as Ayu Densetsu Sono no Kisuke FC Evolution in regular and limited edition.
Mojutsukai Tou Ujusama Flower and Snow also released on the Vita this week in Japan.
There's a new pouch coming out for Persona 4 Dancing All Night. A little add-on thing you can buy if you want to carry your Vita. A Persona 4 styled pouch.
On the 3DS this week in Japan, Rhythm Tengoku The Best Plus. I'm guessing this is a newer version of Rhythm Tengoku. I wonder if this is the one that requires the new 3DS.
I thought they had announced a new version like that. That is going to be coming out in Japan this week as well as a new Pearl White 3DS new LL, which is their version of the XL.
And Dragon Ball Z Kyuukoku Butouden comes out on the 3DS this week. That is your Japanese releases.
So now let's head on over to Europe and check out the releases that will be coming out over there. Hey, Lego Jurassic World everywhere. PC, last gen, current gen, portables.
If you got a console, Lego Jurassic World is going to be on it on the 12th of June.
Yeah, I just thought it was also on portables as well over here.
Yeah, and really that's it though for Europe release dates. Nothing else to talk about until we get to the 23rd of June.
I did want to mention I missed a couple of Vita titles because it is a legacy system now.
Sure.
So with that, they're going to be doing a package version of Terraria that's going to be out on Vita this week.
And Operation Abyss New Tokyo Legacy from Nice America out on the Vita. And that's it.
Alright, we got a whopping one more story for you guys and then the classic game of the week, Loki.
Woo, and Lego Jurassic World is coming into the Wii U. Hey, Wii U games still. Hurrah.
So, god, let's talk more about Konami and how people are unhappy with Konami.
So with that, we have the developer now of Momotaro Densetsu.
And basically it was a game that was put out by Hudson.
And it was originally, they weren't going to continue on with the series because of some of the higher ups in Konami.
Basically Akira Sakuma had threatened, you know, Konami hasn't gotten in touch with me at all.
This is how they've tossed me aside for a while now.
I'm announcing here that Momotaro Densetsu is officially done.
Ishikawa Konami squelched everything.
And prior to that, back in 2011, he threatened to stop development of the series because of Amura at Konami.
But now it's just a different person and the same type of situation.
So, yeah. Basically they told us that we'd get a response in May, so we gave them the weekend, ending up waiting until June 2nd.
But we still haven't seen any contact and I wonder what happened with Konami's Mr. Ishikawa.
So, yeah. Apparently his game series is ending.
It's kind of weird, though, seeing all these developers being kind of just like, eh, bye bye, sorry.
But not all developers are being tossed aside by Konami because, guess what, they're still making console games.
Yeah, I know what you're thinking. Metal Gear Solid 5 is still coming out, so I guess that does count.
But besides that, there's something else.
Yu-Gi-Oh! Legacy of the Duelists.
It's coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One as a $20 download later this year.
And allows you to replay actual events in the Yu-Gi-Oh! timeline from the original Yu-Gi-Oh! series up to Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.
And I guess they're saying there's gonna be 6600 cards.
Hurray!
But there's that big Konami title you're all waiting for on consoles.
I know. Maybe they can hold a whole press conference over that.
Remember the days of the Konami press conference? Oh man, I miss those days.
Hey, speaking of missing those days, let's take a trip down memory lane, shall we?
With the Classic Game of the Week.
Every week Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and pulls out a video game and she thinks,
Hey, you guys should check out this game this week and respect this game because it's a cool game.
And you need to celebrate it.
Well, she's not here.
So in absence of Dark Sakura, I'm taking over with the Classic Game of the Week.
Mwahahaha.
And I have picked this game for the Classic Game of the Week.
And here's the interesting thing about this game.
I actually do not have any audio to play for this game.
It is that type of game.
My classic game that I've picked for the week this week is...
Legend of the Red Dragon is what I've picked for the Classic Game of the Week.
And here's the reason I picked this one.
I don't think, out of the hundreds and hundreds of classic games we've featured on this program,
I'm not sure we've spotlighted a BBS door game yet.
And I know we've talked about them on the show.
Like, Loki, you've played some back in the day, right?
I played a bunch.
I didn't play really much of anything.
I knew of their existence, but I was like,
I had to download this full version of some shareware title that I'm not paying for.
You were probably a little young, too, because I would have been about 12, 13,
and you were about four years younger than me.
So, you know, you may have been, I don't know,
you may have just kind of missed that boat when door games were really huge.
No, they were still popular. I just didn't want to play them.
I don't really understand this.
I'm just going to download, you know, Halloween Harry instead,
or Wolfenstein mods, or whatever else it was that I was downloading at the time.
Oh, I'm sure there's some Neotopolis chick Jif I'm going to download right now.
It's going to be a whole whopping 256 colors,
and it's going to take me a good hour to download that.
So there actually is video of this game you can find on YouTube,
and I noticed Tigerclaw put a link in our chat room.
But, again, it was a BBS game, and I'll explain a little more about that in a minute for those that don't know.
So there's really no audio to it, but there is a YouTube out there.
Maybe when Jason compiles this for our own YouTube channel,
he might put some of this footage of the game in the background of me talking.
So let's talk about what a BBS door game is.
So for you youngins that maybe weren't around in the era of the bulletin board system,
before we had ourselves an internet,
or technically the internet existed for a lot of this period,
but it was still just an early series of tubes.
It wasn't quite the series of tubes that it is today pumped into everybody's home.
So in the early, early, early days, what would happen is that,
let's say you've got this tech nerd that wants to run a system out of his house.
He's going to dedicate a computer and a phone line, he or she,
he's going to dedicate a system and a phone line to friends, neighbors,
and maybe complete random strangers that are going to call in to this computer using their modems,
their 300 baud modem, their 2400 baud modem,
and call into these systems and they can communicate on forums.
They can send messages to each other.
And all of this is in a text-based type of format, right?
Well, one of the other things you could do on these systems,
and one of the huge things that you would do on these systems is play games.
And that's where the BBS door games came from, is that, you know,
it was called a door because the software that ran the bulletin board,
such as, I think Telguard was the big one I remember from back in the day,
when I set up a for fun thing on my computer, I used Telguard to do it,
and that software would then exit to this other program that would be the game
and like your data about like your username and how long you've been logged in,
how many minutes you have left to sit on the line,
all that would carry over into the door game.
So Legend of the Rad Dragon, I guess I just called it,
Legend of the Rad Dragon was one of those like big, big, big door games that,
you know, if your bulletin board had this game,
especially a registered copy of it that would let you get past level six,
you would have like a hopping bulletin board system.
So it was text based and you would,
it was kind of like a role playing type of game.
The idea behind it is that there's a red dragon that's terrorizing the village
and you have to grow strong enough to defeat it.
And every day you would have so many moves or you would have so much time,
or you would have until you die to be able to do action to basically level up your character.
So it's kind of like an early, like RPG.
So one thing you could do, you could go off into the forest
and you could kill rabbits or slimes or whatever happened to be lurking in the forest.
And you could grow your character.
But one thing that made this game interesting
and the reason why you would connect with each other on a bulletin board system
is because you could also attack other players.
Now because you didn't have multiple people going into,
calling into a system at the same time,
you couldn't fight them live like you would expect today
in like a World of Warcraft PvP battleground or something,
but you would essentially fight a shadow of their character controlled by the computer
that, you know, if you were able to defeat them,
you would get like a share of the gold that was on them or something like that.
And if you lost, you'd lose experience.
I apologize that some of my details are fuzzy.
It's been a long time since I played this game.
So there was that PvP element in it.
Not only that, but this game was very infamous
because it had a lot of sexuality in the game.
Not porn, but like there were definitely references to sex.
And like if you had sex with the barmaid,
you might actually contract an STD.
You know, there were things like that you had to be sick.
If you played a female character and had sex with the bard,
you might end up pregnant.
So there were some real interesting kind of issues that the game dealt with
that was a little early for its time,
but that's what, you know, especially like teenagers who were doing this
kind of thought was really cool about it,
is that, you know, you could call in or you call into the BBS
and it's like who's going to try to romance Violet?
Because the interesting thing about it is that all the male characters
could only romance Violet, the barmaid,
and all the female characters could only romance, I think it was Seth Abel, the bard.
So you could only, I mean, there was, you know, this was 20 years ago,
so, you know, sexuality was not as fluid as the representations we have today
and so forth, you know, so that is what it was.
But like if somebody else in the game were to get the experience needed
to marry Violet, then nobody else on the BBS could marry her.
And if you try to flirt with the barmaid, it would be somebody else.
It would be like a stand-in or what have you.
So Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom pointing out at live.voguenetwork.com,
you could get married to other players.
Yes, that was something else you could do in the game.
So you could see how even for something that was, it was kind of rudimentary
and if you look at footage of this game, you're like, okay, this is like a text game,
it's a text adventure, but it was that fact that it was something
where you were still interacting with other people.
You could still go to your friend and be like, hey, you better call into so-and-so's BBS
because I just killed your character in Legend of the Red Dragon today.
It was still that type of interaction that I think led us to things we have today like MMOs.
These were an early form of MMOs and this obviously morphed into the MUDs,
which we haven't talked a lot about on the show, but things that led into the modern day MMO.
So I wanted to tip my hat out of respect to the BBS door games because this is one of many.
I almost did the pit, but I felt like we talked about that one at length on a prior episode.
We could talk about Trade Wars 2002.
Have you ever tried to remake this as a graphical type game or something?
You know, I think there was a graphical interface for it.
There was a different type of terminal software you could use
and you could kind of get some rudimentary, well, for the time being,
it was blowing your fucking mind graphics.
But for now, you look back at it and go, like, rudimentary graphics, you get a little bit of that.
If you Google it, because I was trying to look for some information on the internet today,
you can actually find places online where you can still play Legend of the Red Dragon just through your browser.
And I think there are things you can connect to through terminal software like old BBSs and things like that.
Oh my god.
We can still play these games.
We totally need to, not like a real bulletin board, but we need to host a VoG bulletin board
that exists somewhere on the internet. That'd be awesome.
You know what's funny? We've talked about that idea before, and for some reason it didn't happen,
but that might be a fun thing to do at some point.
Yeah, but not necessarily an actual...
And that'd be kind of cool.
Now we're just making more work for Bobby, but hypothetically...
He has no time. I have no time.
I'm not getting the VoG work I need to get done to begin with.
Hypothetically, in an imaginary universe that we have in limited time and resources,
it'd be cool to have loot tied in with different things like that and stuff.
Well, I found this in my Google search, and it looks pretty legit.
I didn't play around with it myself, so I can't fully endorse this,
but I will point out that I did find you can play Legend of the Red Dragon at this website,
L-O-R-D dot stabs.
I'm going to stabs you 100 times.
Stabs.org.
They have three different games set up that you can play,
and they've got a Twitter and a Facebook and all this stuff.
It looks like there's still a community that's enjoying this game today, so that's fun.
So there it is, your Classic Game of the Week, Legend of the Red Dragon,
and acknowledging BBS store games here on the show,
because I think it was an important part of our history
and how we got to the games we have today.
All right, we're going to take a break.
We are overdue for a break.
When we come back, plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come.
Frugal Question of the Week, rapid-fire news, emails,
and your calls to 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
When we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live here in June.
I can't believe it's June already.
June the 7th, 2015, with the 601st episode of our show already in progress.
We're coming up here on Part B.
We're going to get into some rapid-fire news here real quick.
Just kind of funny, we were just celebrating 600 episodes last week.
Well, funny enough, our birthday happens to be this month as well,
so we're not going to do a huge acknowledgment for it or whatever
since we just had a big show.
It's a little much to do two big ego-stroking shows back to back,
but to acknowledge it, June 23rd was our very first show,
so we will have a show.
What would be the closest show to that date this month?
Probably on the 21st or the 28th.
We'll be talking about the fact that we've been here for 13 years.
Our show is now a teenager.
Crazy stuff.
That's crazy.
Thank you guys for being a part of it.
We appreciate you guys being here every week to talk about games.
Let's keep the conversation going with some rapid-fire news.
Loki.
All right, Succeed has released their E3 lineup,
and I'm excited by a lot of this because a lot of the properties that Succeed has now
were originally handled under D3,
and I don't even know what happened to D3 now.
I think they're full digital now instead of actually doing console games.
Maybe they went under.
I don't know.
Who knows?
But it doesn't matter because here's their lineup.
For example, Earth Defense Force 4.1, The Shadow of New Despair,
which I'm wondering if that's actually going to be the title over here
since it was Earth Defense Force 2025 over here.
One way or another, it's going to be coming out on PlayStation 4
or localized fall of 2015.
With that, The Legend of Heroes, Trails of Cold Steel,
that's coming to PlayStation 3, and Vita, also fall of 2015.
Let's see.
Senran Kagura, Estival Verses, and that's on PlayStation 4 and Vita, winter 2015.
Return of Popolo.
Is that Popolo Cross?
It's Popolo Cross, the story of seasons fairytale on 3DS.
That's coming in the winter.
Also, they're going to be showing off some more stuff
that the localizations are going to be doing,
including Senran Kagura 2, Deep Crimson for 3DS,
especially if you love your boob physics on 3DS.
One and Chambara Z2, Chaos on PlayStation 4.
Same rules apply there.
And Corpse Party, Blood Drive on the Vita coming out fall 2015.
And finally, Earth Defense Force 2, Invaders from Planet Space.
That is the remake of the PlayStation 2 title,
and that's coming to the Vita as well fall 2015.
I wonder which one of these you are going to pre-order.
Earth Defense Force 4.1.
Actually, I won't pre-order Battles of the Bight,
but maybe Earth Defense Force 2 if I have a PlayStation TV by then.
We'll see.
I do want one, though.
And it has been coming down to $40 for those things,
and that's a jumping point right there.
You know what? I'd also buy a Wii U for $40.
Good luck with that.
Let me know when you find that deal.
Come on.
This is pretty cool.
Say you don't have a Wii U like myself,
and you want to get your Splatoon on.
Well, thankfully, modders can help,
and there's been a mod put out for Minecraft.
This is coming from Seth Bling,
as well as a guy named PyroPuncher,
and you can run this on your 1.8 server,
and it allows you pretty much to play Splatoon.
You can even transform into a squid.
They've got the guns on there.
I think even the paint rollers and everything,
and it looks pretty awesome.
Wow.
Oh, good job to them.
But, yeah, you can check it out on...
Let's see here.
Trying to see where you can actually find that.
Seth Bling on YouTube.
You can find the information on that,
or SethBling.com.
He has his own website.
That's kind of exciting.
Kind of makes me wish we still had the Minecraft server.
Of course you get rid of it in something like this.
I didn't...
Hey, hey, hey.
I did not get rid of it.
I was about to,
and then the server company shut down.
You chose not to find a new home for it
for good reason, to be fair.
If you find a place to play Splatoon,
unfortunately there wouldn't be anyone to play it with.
Last but not least...
I'd try it once.
Yeah, well, this is one time, I guess.
Last but not least,
Activision is coming out with another Skylanders game.
What the hell could they be doing this year
differently than last year?
Well, if you want that question answered,
it's going to be answered with the vehicles.
They're going to be adding vehicles to it this time.
And so Skylanders Superchargers.
There'll be 20 new characters, 20 new toys,
and you can combine their characters
with signature vehicles for extra stats,
and I just don't give a shit.
I'm sorry.
It's just...
I don't.
Disney Infinity, at least you know what?
It's different characters.
This shit's just like fucking gimmicks year after year.
But you know what gimmick I do like?
Fucking building the actual sets out of Legos.
That's the gimmick I can get into.
But you know what, though?
It's got Portal and fucking Back to the Future
versus Skylanders, some made-up fucking universe
that doesn't have Spyro in it anymore.
It is pretty cool, I'm not going to deny that.
Toys for 30-year-olds.
Alright, moving on to some rapid-fire news I have.
Rumors about Dark Souls 3 potentially showing up at E3.
This is, of course, should be taken as a huge rumor, but...
Oh, come on, it's totally happening.
It would make a lot of sense.
I mean, it's one of those rumors that you kind of go,
oh yeah, that'll probably be a thing.
The only thing that kind of sits weird with me is that
I kind of saw Bloodborne as a successor to that series,
so I'm surprised that they're going to do that again.
But I mean, I'm surprised and I'm not surprised.
They did just release that Dark Souls 2 remaster
for the PlayStation 4.
I'm not too familiar with the series and everything,
but you know, look at Koei.
I mean, you're talking about Koei.
They have Dynasty Warriors, they've got Samurai Warriors.
Both can coexist just fine.
They can.
It's pretty similar gameplay.
That's true.
You got Nintendo, who has Mario,
and then something else featuring Mario,
and Mario does this puzzle game,
and Dr. Mario and Super Smash Bros. Mario,
and it works out okay.
We still love it.
I'm surprised Mario wasn't put in Splatoon somehow.
Although I actually also kind of love that Splatoon
exists as its complete own thing without needing any other.
It's a strong, independent video game
who don't need no mascot.
I am still wondering when they're going to add
the Splatoon growler guy into Smash Bros.
That'll probably be something at E3.
Wait.
All right, anyway.
So as far as Dark Souls 3s go,
hey, you want some more fan wank rumor?
Sure you do.
We love rumors.
We click on websites that publish them
and give them lots of hits.
More hits than downloads of the show.
One to four player support being rumored for the game.
Will you be able to do multiplayer
for the first time in Dark Souls live
as opposed to other people coming in your world
and trying to kill you?
That could be a thing.
15 new bosses, 10 playable classes,
100 new weapons, 60 minutes of cut scenes,
and apparently this whole thing about sacrifice ceremonies
where you can drag bodies around
and choose where to sacrifice them.
The bodies, by the way, being other players.
Perform the ritual and visit another player's game.
Doing this makes you a target for other players.
They will change your game,
such as a sacrifice creating a bonfire
at the location that you chose to sacrifice the body.
I don't...
It sounds cool, but, you know,
you got like a week and a half to wait
to see what ends up being the real deal.
So...
All right.
Um, anyway.
Uh, coming up, uh, as far as Nintendo goes,
there was a little micro direct presentation
that kind of came out of nowhere this week.
Well, it was to follow up from that Japanese one
we talked about last week.
Uh, so a lot of the same stuff ended up being talked about
in this micro direct, including confirmation that
Chibi-Robo! Zip Lash is coming on the 3DS
with a amiibo figure!
Chibi-Robo! Amiibo! Amiibo! Amiibo!
Oh, why?
Dr. Mario Miracle Cure.
Bravely second.
The second end layer was confirmed,
so I guess that's so much of that E3 prediction,
I forgot that they'd already actually confirmed that,
but it'll probably be out on the show floor nonetheless.
Pokemon Super Mystery Dungeon was confirmed,
not the big Pokemon game I anticipate will be this year.
Uh, also, um,
people that are playing Puzzle & Dragon Z
and Puzzle & Dragon Super Mario Bros. Edition,
there's going to be two free unlockable worlds
in both games, and now I guess there'll be some type of
weekly online distribution in Puzzle & Dragon Z,
and you can get more information there on that.
Uh, also some of those Splatoon patches were talked about there
on the Wii U, and Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games
was confirmed as well.
Whew, lots of stuff.
Uh, also,
for the Nintendo World Championships 2015,
it's been confirmed,
we're going to get something different than just these
NES Remix games people have been playing.
Why? Because they confirmed
the Legend of Zelda for the NES
is going to be one of the games
that the 16 finalists are going to be tested on.
We don't know how.
Is it how fast can you go to level 1 and clear it?
Is it how many rupees can you collect in 3 minutes?
We don't know. We're going to find out.
I still want to see speedrunners doing this.
I totally would love to see, like,
an awesome Games Done Quick challenge of this.
You know, now, you know how
last week I talked about they might do the whole
surprise, it's Mario 4.
You know, now, you want to hear my realistic prediction.
So we've had my tinfoil hat prediction.
Now you want to hear the realistic prediction
of what's going to happen with this.
I have a feeling
they're putting together this little cluster
of already existing classic games that they're going to do,
and then they'll say,
now we're going to open it up to the world to compete,
and you can download it online for $5.
Whatever this mishmash of games is.
And then you can participate online.
See if you can beat the winner's score
with whatever the mishmash of games is.
Doesn't that sound a lot more plausible?
That sounds hilarious. I hope that totally happens
with all those people that, like, went and stood in line
and camped out at Best Buy to...
Well, they're not going to win a prize
or fame and whatever these guys are going to win.
No one's winning fame or fortune.
Please, come on.
Tigerclaw on chat says, maybe
NES Remix 3 with online leaderboards?
Maybe. I don't know.
Anyway, I think that's a little more down-to-earth prediction.
That's a pretty cool idea.
How about they just do online leaderboards
for, I don't know, virtual console?
Now, Loki, they give an inch
and you win a yard.
Alright.
We can't tarnish
the old games
by putting them online.
Children are online, Loki.
Somebody might put ass as their high score
and a child might see it.
Oh my god, if only we could
code against that.
There's no defense.
Let's go to the
FUGL question of the week.
It's not here, Google.
Every week before the show, usually the day of the show,
we ask our fan communities over on Facebook
at facebook.com slash orange long radio
and on Google Plus at
youtube.com slash plus orange long radio
to give us their feedback, sometimes on a random topic,
sometimes about one of the topics we're going to talk about
on the show. And tonight, as you can imagine,
with the Steam refunds being
controversial, we asked about
that over on Google Plus
and Facebook. What do you guys think about
the Steam refunds policy?
Redertainment on Google Plus saying a better
solution to the problem of buying a game on Steam
that you can't run would be a button on
Steam that can run a check to see if you can run
the damn game before you buy it. Thank you.
Yes, there are websites like Can You
Run It out there, but this seems like something that should be
built into places that sell online games.
Getting a refund on pre-purchase
content is pretty standard, as well as
Steam wallet purchases, which is essentially like
buying a gift card. As far as
buying a game, playing it for a little while
and then deciding you don't like it, is that
something you can do with any digital good?
Movies? Music? TV shows?
Anything? My guess is no.
One of the things that we didn't address also, too, is
I think the reason why they have this in there is to
comply with
different laws. Like, I want to say there's
European laws that were saying that they
had to have something like
this in place, and so
they comply with those.
That is true. We've seen a lot of
those legal challenges lately, so
that could be exactly why this is happening.
ActDeft on Google Plus
replying simply. It's definitely
good, but it's definitely not perfect.
So, let's
go over to Facebook at facebook.com
slash orange launch radio, where Mike B
said, I think if the game is awesome, then we will
buy it and keep it. In the long run, the
quality of games will go up, and those that are not
will not get paid. So,
he's talking about quality, kind of like you were
earlier. Red The Hay says,
I believe that refunds should be there to protect
consumers from shady devs,
but there must be greater effort on Valve's
part to prevent abuse. Refunds
should mainly be made for games that are
broken. Cial replies
and says, I don't know about the
for any reason part, but I'm
glad they're doing refunds now. I just
hope people don't abuse it.
Too late. Andy R. says,
Given that indies are already profiting
despite piracy being a thing,
I don't think refunds will hurt them. If
anything, I could see this helping them, given that
consumers might be willing to plop down some
cash, knowing they can get a refund
if it doesn't work, or they don't like it.
Chad B. replied and said,
If Steam considers people buying indie games,
playing through them and then constantly
requesting refunds for them as abuse, and
handle it accordingly, I think the policy
will do more good than bad.
And lastly, Rageinator says,
It's about damn time this happened, and it's
a godsend. Too bad this wasn't in
place two years ago. There's been a handful
of games that I bought that I just can't
run, and if I could have,
I would have asked for a refund.
So it seems like overall,
even though people are, I guess, cautiously
optimistic, it does seem
like most of the feedback is positive.
I think so too, and like I said before,
the different developers are complaining
about it. One,
which I kind of looked into right there,
their game was getting terrible
reviews in the first place, so there's
other reasons why people didn't like it. It wasn't
that, oh, they're doing it to
abuse the system. No, not at all.
I think, and there's a lot of
developers out there that are, they are
abusing the system to put out stuff that doesn't
work. It literally
just does not run
at all, not on
a specific PC, on any
PC. It just doesn't run.
Well, then, you know, I'm
kind of in that cautious, optimistic camp
too. Again, I get the developer's
concern. I totally understand
that. I think if Valve can
kind of help show that
they're serious about the whole, we will not
tolerate abuse of this policy, I don't know how they
do that, but if they can at least demonstrate
to developers they're serious about it, then it's going to make
everybody feel a lot better.
That's what it comes down to, but I really liked your idea
of, they should at least, I mean, I
know they say for any reason, but at least
optionally, you know, say
this feedback will go to the developer.
They do that on Android. Android, when you
refund your purchases on, because I've had
that one time where it was
on something, oh, it was a
tethering app that I got
and it didn't work. It didn't work on
my phone at all. It just wouldn't work.
So I just refund, I
uninstalled it and they
gave me a refund and they asked me
why I'm like, it didn't work. And that
was it. You know, there was a spot like
other and you can type in something.
So, I don't know.
It would be nice to have that feedback in there, but
I think at the same time, though, you're going to see people
leaving you feedback anyways in your
forum, because especially when people don't like something, they're
going to tell you why. And they're trying to be
vocal about it. You know,
Final Fantasy
13, when I
first bought it, I probably would have returned it.
And I'm okay with it now, since
they did the graphical fixes and everything like that.
But when they released that game in
its shoddy first state,
I would have returned it. And you know what? I bet a
lot of people would have. You know what's going to happen,
though? Look at these
next major games that are coming out, like
Ubisoft game. You know, when Ubisoft releases
these big titles that are all
fucked up at launch,
you know, and people are downloading them and going, what the hell? This shit's
not working right. You know, not
a perfect example because of SimCity was
on Origin, but like, let's
imagine that SimCity was on Steam
in this, you know, current
environment.
Now people aren't going to be like, fuck, you know, I paid
all this money and I can't even play the damn game.
Refund!
Yeah, that's going to be a game changer.
Granted, you can do that on Origin. You can refund
your purchases on there and stuff. But now,
maybe it's a little bit more
of an incentive, you know, just
because you pre-ordered something, you know,
like, wasn't there
Street Fighter, you know, Street Fighter 4,
you know, Ultra Street Fighter 4 that was all
fucked up on PC.
Now just because you pre-ordered something doesn't mean you're going to be
locked into that. You know, if
your game's all fucked up at launch, you know,
maybe it's more of an incentive to
those developers to release
products that are tested to make
sure that they're not buggy and broken
and shit at launch just
to get it out there. So,
I think it's going to do more
good than bad. I think that you're just
going to hear a lot of these scenarios where, like,
thank goodness that this system's in place.
It'll be interesting to see if the consoles
do anything in response, especially as digital distribution
is bigger there. I think that would be awesome.
We'll see. Alright,
let's move on. We got some more news.
Loki. Thank you, by the way, everybody
who answered the question of the week. Sorry, Loki.
This is hilarious because this kind of goes into what we were just talking
about, how, you know, you got to protect, you know,
the children from things. Well,
apparently, you know,
this is kind of going along the lines
of Lego World, you know, brand new
open world
sandbox type game.
There's a guy, Megan Fox,
or I should say, you know, someone
Megan Fox that was working on
software for
Lego Universe. And
apparently,
it became too expensive.
What was the software? It was to detect
the creation of penises in
their game. You know,
it's an anti-time to penis
detector. And, you know,
they kind of go on Twitter
talking about it. Funny story, we were asked to
make dong detection software for Lego
Universe 2. We found it to be utterly
impossible at any scale.
Players would hide dongs where the
filtering couldn't see, or make
them only visible from one angle, make
multi-part penis sculptures.
The moderation costs of Lego
Universe were a big issue in general.
They wanted a creative
building MMO with promise
of zero penises seen.
They actually had a huge moderation
team that got rid of, or they got
a bunch of screenshots of every model,
every property, entire
whitelist-based building.
You could build whatever you wanted,
but Stranger
could never see your builds until
we had a team do a penis sweep
on it. It was all
automated, but
human moderators were
IRC. We're ready
to sweep the system. We got too many
cocks. There's too many cocks.
Too many cocks. Too
many cocks.
Basically, they said,
a roundabout way of saying that, never build an online game
for kids. I have no idea how Minecraft
hasn't been sued over this yet.
It says that
we even had an employee
very nearly fired for building a penis.
It was
on his own property, but a kid
wandered into it during a kid test.
Oh my gosh.
Were they checking for boobs too?
Were they checking for boobs?
That's why
they have that ESRB phrase
that online content
or online interactions are not
rated by the ESRB. We ain't touching this
cock shit.
Just
assume, people, just
assume, anything
you put on the internet.
If your game
at any point says, hello internet
and talks to the internet, a dick
will show up in minutes.
It doesn't even matter that. If any game
out there says, hey, we're
going to allow you some creative control
over something, would there be a character's
name? Even just naming
the god damn character.
Show of hands, how many
of you in Final Fantasy 7, in
one of your playthroughs, gave Cloud
a nasty name? How many?
Everybody's done it.
Because then you get to see
you're missing the hilarious dialogue
when they substitute Cloud's
name for something like
ass. Hey ass, how's it going?
Animal crossing.
Of course you're teaching animals.
Of course you teach the animals to say disgusting things.
That's the point.
Anyway.
God forbid that they let us actually create
unique
houses in Animal Crossing.
Like actually design houses
because there will be cock houses.
Act F'd in our chat
room over at live.vognetwork.com
just put
8 equals equals equals
d. Not sure what that means.
But then he puts, OMG
vog chat allows cocks.
Oh my gosh, that was a
cock you just put in our chat room over at
live.vognetwork.com.
Shame on you Act F, shame on you.
Yeah we're gonna need to sweep
the chat room. We're gonna need to
keep it free of cocks.
Somebody give Act F the boot please.
There it is.
He's been dealt
with everybody. He's been removed
temporarily from the room.
Alright.
Let's move on.
Have you
built a dick yet in the
LEGO that you've been playing?
I haven't actually built anything in LEGO
because looking at the system
it looked really complicated.
I wanted to build stuff like actual
LEGO sets. I wanted to break up the
manuals and literally take the pieces
that are from that and recreate
them in the game. That's what I'm interested
in doing. But I haven't built
anything yet. So no LEGO cocks
or anything else of that matter.
Alright.
Well let's move on. Let's talk about
I don't know in which
of these games you can draw cocks or not.
I'm thinking let's see one
two with mods
definitely three. I would say
three of these six games
that have been inducted into the Video Game
Hall of Fame are games that
you can draw cocks in if you try very
carefully. I'm sure all
of them have had a mod where there are
cocks in them. So anyway
all that stuff aside. The six
games that have been inducted into the World
Video Game Hall of Fame which you know
I guess we
could start a Video Game Hall of Fame
here at OLR and
induct MissNudeWorld96
as our first inductee into the Video Game
Hall of Fame. Really anybody
can start a Video Game Hall of Fame.
Well I mean you know if we
want to do the first few
it's going to have to be Bungie Ferret Tossing
True. The Guardian Legend.
The Guardian Legend. True.
Pixel Shits. Yeah.
Pretty much anything YYR makes.
Alright well anyway
I guess there is a little bit of
oomph behind this. This is by The Strong
which is the National Museum
of Play.
They're based out of New York. So they've
injected this
National Museum of Play has named the
first six games into the Video Game Hall of Fame.
Here they are if you haven't already read this.
This story was all over like
mainstream news. I heard this on talk radio
which never covers video game stuff.
So the six games that were inducted
Pong
Pac-Man
Tetris. You can draw
Cocks and Tetris. It's tough.
You have to make the shapes a certain way
but you can do it.
Super Mario Brothers
Doom. Definitely can do Cocks and Doom
with mods. And World of Warcraft.
Cocks everywhere in World of Warcraft. Everywhere.
It's got a chat room in it for god's sake.
Anyway those are the six games that were inducted
into the Video Game Hall of Fame.
That is down from a list of 15 finalists
that included games such as Minecraft
and Angry Birds.
But I got to say
for the first six
these aren't bad choices at all.
Some might look at this and go World of Warcraft
is a little too new but
it changed the industry
that much. I don't know. I'm
kind of okay with that being here.
So let's do this listless
style because of course
everybody
has got their own god damn opinion on these six
games including you guys in chat. So let me ask
this question. Listless style. You ready?
You have to remove one of these
games and replace it
with your own. Which one
would you remove and what would you
replace it with for the Video Game Hall of Fame?
I'll read some of your answers in chat guys.
Which one of these would you remove and replace
with your own game?
Remove Doom and put
Wolfenstein 3D in there if we're going to do that.
So you think that Wolfenstein 3D was probably
a better representative of the first
3D first person shooter?
Quake?
I don't know.
Both are pretty good.
It's just hard to say.
It is.
These are some pretty solid
choices. Even I'm looking at this
going, God, I don't know what
I would get rid of and what
I would replace it with.
I'd probably replace Super Mario Brothers
with Super Mario Brothers slash Duck Hunt.
Because that was
a good combo.
In an interesting
ode to...you know what?
No. I think what I would do
I would get rid of World of Warcraft.
That might shock you. That might really
shock you. I would get rid of World of Warcraft
and I think I would replace
it with
Ultima.
Because I think without
that series, Ultima
and what it did for computers and
RPGs and all that, I don't think you'd have
World of Warcraft. But granted
World of Warcraft did kind of redefine the genre.
So, I mean, I'm not being a hater.
But I just think as far as
RPGs go, I kind of feel
like Ultima would be a great
choice for the computers.
Can we not put Pong
automatically in all these different things?
I understand it was the first
video game, but can we just not?
But you and I weren't really alive
for how crazy Pong was.
It was everywhere. You know what I mean?
I guess. Maybe we just didn't really
see it. So anyway, let's see.
I'm going to a chatroom over at
live.vognetwork.com.
SGA100Matt is reminding us that OLR was
decreed the podcast of the universe.
It is in writing. Remember that?
We decreed that we were the official
podcast of the universe. And I don't think anybody's
challenged that claim yet. So we'll see.
Is there a podcast Hall of Fame?
Is that a thing?
Or is that just the awards?
It's like that video game Hall of Fame.
In like backwater
no-name town.
Fifth Dream suggesting
remove, wow, replace with
Space Invaders.
Oh, that's a really good choice
for a game that should be there.
That was Japan
Arcade. I would almost
say, this might be blasphemy,
I'd almost say you could replace Pac-Man and put
Space Invaders there. I mean, it's just that huge.
So that's a really good one.
Did Space Invaders have a song?
With the later games
has a great soundtrack.
Kaijuto in chat says, remove, wow, and replace
with Goldeneye.
That was a pretty kick-ass...
I would say, though, if you're going to put
Goldeneye on the list, get rid of Doom. That's me personally, though.
Tigerclaw
thinks Mortal Kombat should be there.
DarkSetsuya says, trade wow
for DDR. And then says, no seriously, look at
what it did for music-based games.
That's a good point. Dungeon Buster
says, remove World of Warcraft
and put in Rogue.
Oh, that's a great...
I mean, we have a whole fuckin' genre of games
called roguelikes
that we can attribute to the
game Rogue. That's a great
suggestion, Dungeon Buster. I almost think that's better
than what I said.
As a steward under Matt said, if they had nominated
Super Metroid, I would say take that
out and put in Chrono Trigger.
Uh, we're gonna need to sweep
the chat room for haters.
Uh,
alright, I'm not gonna
kick him, though, cause I'll get in a lot of trouble
if I start kicking people that think Chrono Trigger
is better than Super Metroid.
RageNator says, replace wow with
President Cat.
Well, unfortunately, that never was a real
game, aside from, you know,
Secret World and Sunshine of Rennoui.
Alright,
so anyway, there it is.
The next batch of
inductees, you can submit your nominations
now through March 31st,
2016.
I would definitely say, uh, some of these
games you guys are mentioning, Rogue.
Somebody better be sticking up for that game.
Rogue should definitely be there. Space Invaders is a great choice
as well. Good, good comments, you guys.
Live.voguelikenetwork.com.
Loki, what do you have for us?
I just hope they don't induct Flappy Bird. I mean, come on.
I didn't really change the game other
than, you know, hey, let's clone this shit.
Um, this is so
strange, reading this, since,
you know,
they haven't really been making new
Mega Man games, but
apparently, there's a new Mega Man
animated series coming.
Yes, that's so
weird, and it's slated for 2017.
Will people even remember who Mega Man is
in 2017? Are they
setting up for a new Mega Man
game? Could, I mean,
here's my tinfoil hat.
Could Nintendo
have secured, by putting Mega Man
and Super Smash Brothers, could they have secured
that they're gonna get a Mega Man game on Wii U?
Well, I already, I saw the rumor that there
was, um, they already have a new head,
uh, like a team that's gonna
develop a new Mega Man game. Interesting.
I just can't see the cartoon coming
by itself. That's the only thing.
I just hope that new cartoon
doesn't mean they're gonna do something terrible, like
Sonic Boom.
I remember the, what was the,
PlayStation 1 was Mega Man 8, right?
I remember that was one of the weaker entries,
even though it had, like, the cartoon stuff mixed in and
everything. I mean, it was kinda cool in that
way, but, as the game itself.
Dr. Light sounded like, was it, uh,
uh, he sounded
like, um, Elmer Fudd?
Remember Dr. Light? Yes, I do, I do.
That was part of the charm, though.
That was during that whole era of, like, CD-ROM,
full motion video games, and some of the
badness that came from that.
Alright.
Uh, we'll see what comes of that. I don't know, though,
it's pretty offensive if they're gonna do a cartoon
and not even bother with the game. Just do a Mega Man Legends game.
Just, even just call Mega Man Legends
and just reboot the whole damn thing, but make it,
like, epic. Why not? Reboots are in.
Do it.
Let's go to
the mailbag!
Every week, you guys email us,
participate at
orangelaungeradio.com,
and we pick some of our favorite emails
and read them on the air. Usually,
we read them all. Only if we get a really
busy week, would we skip some.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com,
and we encourage you, of course, to participate.
DarkSakura will usually read the emails,
however, since she ain't here,
I'm gonna do them. So, I'm filling in
for the lovely DarkSakura tonight.
So, our first day of the game,
lovely DarkSakura tonight. So, our first
email tonight from Robert M.
I apologize for missing show 600.
I'll keep it brief. I think the Mystery
Dungeon game mentioned was Sheeran the Wanderer.
As I remember from the DS game,
his companion animal is a ferret.
Also, I don't remember when
I started listening, but it was definitely during
the Live 365 days, and I started
the podcast when part A and part
B were separate uploads on the
feed.
As an aside real quick,
that did used to be a thing, and I was convinced
that it was a good idea at the time, because
I sort of thought that
part of your popularity was
gauged on how much content
you were putting out there. And so, by
putting two pod- I was like, two
podcasts a week would be better than one!
Surely, right? But, people
really didn't seem to like it that way,
and were just kinda irritated. They couldn't just
listen to the whole thing on Monday,
or that by Wednesday, they felt the news was
getting a little old, so...
Well, I think also when we were doing part A and part B
it was because of people's downloads,
you know, we didn't have a lot
of broadband back then, it was just-
That's true too. You know, it's gotta be
file sizes- I was a little
concerned about file sizes at the time too, that's a very good
point, because we had heard that, I think, and this
happened around the same time too, we heard the horror story
about that Xbox 360
thing that went and downloaded, like, every
single episode from podcast feeds all
at once, like, and it caused
all these people to get shut down for bandwidth and stuff,
and we weren't one of them, we got added to it
later, I don't even remember what it was, because unfortunately it didn't
really stick around, but, um,
uh, yeah, like, it downloaded
all- so I was a little worried about bandwidth in that regard,
so, anyway.
Uh, that's- that- just- just a little
behind the curtain on- on why
we tried that, and ultimately
decided it was not for the best.
Anyway, uh, Robert M. continues,
I can't remember exactly where I first
learned about the show, but I think it was probably
DDR Freak. I still enjoy
catching the podcast on Monday morning, so
thanks again for the great show, Robert M.
Well, thank you for listening and being with- if you've-
if you've heard of us on DDR Freak, then that
means you've been here a very long time,
so thank you very much for, uh, being here.
Uh, last email tonight
from EA Skizy,
who says, hey guys,
the 600 show is sweet.
Congrats again on the milestone.
My question this week is about loot in games.
A lot of the loot-based games,
such as Diablo or Borderlands, have a
point you reach in them where it can seem like
nine out of every ten items
you collect are useless. Why do we
farm legendaries? Because everything else we
pick up sucks.
And that's very true about Diablo.
Like, you get to a point in your character
where it's like, you don't give a shit about
anything that's not orange or green, and even
the oranges, you start to go, that's not a set piece,
I need a set piece. So,
you do kind of get to that point where rare
loot is like, whatever.
This isn't- I'm trying to min-max my character.
Let's see,
EA Skizy continues,
if you were to build a loot system
with an emphasis on fixing
the, quote, useless
stuff issue,
what sorts of approaches would you
take? Keep it up, crew.
Much love, EA Skizy.
I'm gonna need the chat room's
help on this. This is a pretty
tough question that I think
if game designers knew the answer to this
question, they would probably be
implementing it in more games.
I know that one thing that
Diablo 3 changed, this is
like a direct answer to your question,
but talking about that, what do the players
want? When Diablo
3 first started, part of the reason it
was really not good when it first came out is
that all of the loot was a pinata- like,
it was a pinata, but it was also
a mish-match. Most of it
was crap. Most of the stuff that
you would get would be stuff that would
be for a completely different character.
Like, I'm a mage, why am I getting
shit with dexterity on it?
You know, there's only so much gear I need for my
follower, I don't need stuff with dexterity
strength like every other drop. So that
got really frustrating, and what people didn't like
about it is that people had to
sit there and go, how's this item?
Nope. How's this item?
Nope. So one of the
big changes they made in Diablo 3 was to say,
okay, like 90% of the
loot you get is gonna be for your
class, and the other 10% for followers.
The button that they had in Final Fantasy
where you could be like,
optimize my, you know,
pick the best stat
listening thing. I mean, I guess that's a little bit more
complicated for a system that you're
like, oh, I want this to have more
magic damage, or, you know,
better defense, or like, I'm really trying
to, you know,
customize these perks for a certain way
to play the game or something. So that gets a little harder,
but, you know, still it would be nice to have that
optimizing where you can toggle a bunch
and kind of compare them in a chart or something.
I would say this, though,
as far as like MMOs go and so forth,
one thing I think that makes, you know, Final Fantasy
XIV kind of cool, and World of Warcraft does
this, too, and a lot of modern MMOs do,
is that sometimes you want to collect
gear because of its look.
You know, so maybe you don't
necessarily like, and even Diablo 3 implemented
this, too, actually, is the transmogrification.
Is that maybe you don't like the stats,
but it looks really cool, so
you can still wield the weapon that
you have, but it'll have the look of this
other weapon, and that happens a lot with
like, clothes and gear and so forth.
So it kind of gives you a reason to be excited
about gear, something beyond stats.
And I know in World of Warcraft
when I got bored at one point, I was like,
alright, well, I don't really want,
you know, I don't really need better gear
or whatever. I get to work on raiding to do that.
So my mission in WoW this week is
to, I'm going to go back and farm all these
old dungeons and get the tier
set that I want for my character. And that was like
a thing. I like that you mentioned that. It's kind of funny because that's one of the ideas I had for my game,
the next game that I'm working on.
Well, I should say it was actually
the first game I worked on until I stopped
to work on Time of the Car.
Which is actually, has something, the plan is to have something like that where, you know, it has a loot system with it, but you can also build skins for everything.
So if you don't like the way something looks,
you can
skin it to wherever the fuck you want it to look like.
Alan Alchemy in chat says
every aspect of loot in Diablo 3
version 1 was RNG. So you had to pass
a legendary check and then also
a is this even for my fucking class
check. Fifth Dream says
what I would do is make it so that there's a random extreme
stat of effect on everything. And you
have to choose what you like based on how you play.
But generally you get a bit of a
boost every hour or so.
I think, yeah, if you're like designing a game,
like it's really cool, you know, if you're going to have a mage
in your game, have a weapon
that has the same
stats across five different varieties.
One weapon would shoot fire,
one would shoot ice, one would shoot
lightning, you know, and like those different types
of like elementals or whatever is the
background for your game, but like those
like type of looks are different and you can kind of
customize more of the how you want to play
as opposed to number crunching.
Folks agreeing
with Loki in chat that optimizes
the best thing. Sg100Matt
talking about that we have gear optimizer
programs for World of Warcraft like
AskMrRobot, shout out to
V. Yeah, absolutely, shout out to all the folks at
AskMrRobot.
Who, you know, for better or for
worse, I'm a fan, but
it takes the think out of gear
optimizing, like you click a button and it tells
you how to optimize your gear, which if
you're a raiding player who needs those
numbers in Warcraft, you really need something
like that, so they provide a great service in that regard.
But, anyway.
There you go.
So there's some ideas for EA Skeezy.
That's it for the mailbag tonight. Participate at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com
Let's get to the EFUs of the week.
Every week we get angsty on the show.
Why? Because we can.
Loki, why don't you start tonight?
I guess just F you to be
tired of me.
I'm tired.
I probably stay up too late for
things, but
I get to the point where
I was working on a show
I do that a lot.
It sucks.
Amen.
I still will stay up late for some stupid
reason. It's like, oh, I'm gonna be productive
by watching YouTube
videos of random shit.
It's like, ah, my brain
just doesn't work.
Well, I hope I don't get in trouble for telling this on
the radio, but speaking of sleep issues,
a nephew to the fact that apparently
I involuntarily
was convulsing in my sleep the other night, and
I kept Alan up all night.
He only got two hours of sleep the other night because
I was thrashing or kicking
or something. I was doing great stuff, and he's
telling me, and I'm like,
that is news to me. I don't do that stuff.
But what's weird is that I don't think I've
had a pattern of doing that.
Alan and I have been together a while.
I guess once in a while, I'll
do weird things, like put my feet up or
weird shit when I sleep. But I guess this is the
first instance of like, wow,
I was just going crazy while I was trying
to sleep. And the fact
that I don't know any of it. He's telling
me all this, and I'm like, really? What?
But I don't
know. I have no control over
it. Do you sleep with the air on?
Yeah, we sleep with the air on usually.
Maybe because it was hot. Sometimes, you know,
if it's warm or something, you might not be
as comfortable.
I've done that before.
Alan thinks it's because I had a
Slurpee before I went to bed, so I had all that sugar.
That's possible.
But it wasn't right before bed. It was a good
90 minutes before. Anyway,
so F you, because I didn't mean to keep
Alan up all night.
I told him to smack me next time I do it. Wake me up.
Make me go sleep on the couch.
Yeah, just wake me up. He didn't want to, though.
Because he's nice.
Alright, just a few more stories for you guys, and then we're going to
open up the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR
or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
We have just a few more stories we'll get through quickly here first.
Hey look, it's another collection
of titles that they're
doing in slightly HD
Upgrade 2. But this is
a pretty good game series. It's Uncharted.
So, they're going to be bringing you the
first three Uncharted games.
As well as
a
intro
or introduction or
invite into the beta for
the Uncharted 4
game. So that's going to be coming to
PlayStation 4 later
this year. Looks like
October 9th in the US, October
7th in Europe.
So, that's kind of cool. I've never played the
Uncharted series, so maybe it might be something
worth checking out. That's a good way to catch up
maybe and set the stage for Uncharted 4.
Are there too damn many
remasters though, Loki?
Are there too damn many of these?
I think when it's for a game series
like, you know what, honestly
the remaster stuff
some of it's kind of annoying when they keep doing it
but when I
now have a PlayStation 4
it's nice to be able to
not have to play those on
PlayStation 3 and stuff. And it's sheer laziness
because I have Uncharted 3
as part of PlayStation Plus, I could
just go and play it.
But that means I've got to hook up my
PlayStation 3. It won't be in 60 frames a
second.
I don't know.
I'd be curious to see, I wish
they would do another remaster of Shadow
of the Colossus. In fact, I still
I'm sad that you can't download
those digital games from
PlayStation 3 to the PlayStation 4. That makes
things so much easier if you could do
that.
Fifth Dream in chat at live.vognetwork.com
says, remasters are an option, not mandatory.
Please keep making games I missed for
cheap. Yeah, you know, I
I don't hate the remaster thing.
You know, like, the Final Fantasy 10
remaster, I really dug that. And you know
I'm kind of okay
with it. Like, you know, I don't want
people to go overboard with it.
But especially it's a good way to catch
up on missed stuff. I'd be down for like
Fallout 3 in New Vegas.
You know, remaster together and it may be
Skyrim. Skyrim
and Oblivion remastered together.
If you could do that. Yeah, oh hell, that'd be great.
That'd be great. By my life,
I mean.
Especially with, especially with all
the content. And then you think about like
Uncharted, that's three full games, you know.
To catch up with. But it
it's not going to have the multiplayer piece of Uncharted
3, right? It's only because I think it's at the single player
campaigns, right? I probably, I don't
remember. Yeah, whatever. Who cares?
It is multiplayer. I mean, it
it's kind of, I don't know if
a lot of people played it, but it's just, it's
not entirely necessary.
Can we get like a new home?
You know, a new Playstation
home, maybe? That would be kind
of one of those announcements, like
boom, hey, you weren't expecting that.
You know, I don't remember where
the tinfoil hat idea came from, but that
was talked about, like, wouldn't that
be a neat thing for Morpheus?
To bring home back as a VR experience?
Ooh, that'd be very cool.
When did they shut down home? Was that this year?
How long till Dix?
I believe the home shut down was earlier this year.
Yeah, it was like April or something, wasn't it?
Just enough time to test
those servers, wouldn't you think?
Alright,
moving on.
Speaking of remasters, Rock Band 4
is coming out later this year.
I'm not being fair. We'll see. Maybe there'll be
some new information at E3. It would all do stuff.
I gotta say, you know, I'm
a little bit disappointed
that it hasn't... I'll still play
it. I will still get it,
and I'll be happy. So anyway,
but if you are looking for the game
on PC, not
gonna happen anytime soon. They're not
ruling it out, but
here's the deal, and this was from some
comments made earlier this week
by Daniel Sussman. Now, these were actually
clarified later on by
Harmonix. Essentially, the reason
why these
Rock Band games aren't out on PC, and why
it'll probably be a while, is because of
piracy, essentially.
And it's not necessarily
Harmonix's stance on that.
That's pressure that they're getting from the
licensed music in the game.
Is that to...
Have licensed music from really
big acts, like what, like The Who is
in Rock Band, Rush is in
Rock Band, right? You have a lot of these huge
bands in Rock Band.
They don't want their stuff pirated, and that worry
is... Oh, come on. I know.
Well, the labels. I shouldn't blame them on the band.
That's stupid.
You know why that's stupid? Because
what's gonna be harder...
Think about it.
The path of least resistance.
Is it easier for me to go download one of these albums
on the internet, in MP3 format,
ready to go, or
am I gonna pirate the game,
rip the audio out of the game?
Which may not have
necessarily the sound
quality that I want, and it's gonna be a big
pain in the ass. People, I think
what the main problem is, is that they're not gonna
be able to sell DLC as well, because people
will mod the shit out of this, like they did on the
Xbox version, when you can, like,
fuckin', you know, j-tag that shit, and
you know, reset glitch hack it,
and add your own custom
DLC to it that people would
make, is the problem.
You know, isn't Rocksmith on PC,
though? It is on PC.
Wouldn't the label holders have the same issue
there, I would think? I don't know. Maybe not.
I don't know. Anyway,
but yeah, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One
have those, you know, more enhanced security, or
what have you, but then I'm thinking,
I could swear,
somebody told me that they saw on a
pirate website, Rockband
for Xbox One, or, Xbox
360, excuse me, with every single piece
of DLC. Like, I think it has been
pirated. So yeah, I'm sure you could do
that, like, it would be a j-tag or reset
glitch hack version of the game, where
basically you download the sound packs,
and you can download
custom, people will make packs,
fuck, people have ripped packs from
Guitar Hero and imported
them into Rockband, and
vice versa, so it,
it's definitely
a possibility that they could do that, but
I just, I think it's kind of ridiculous
that that's your excuse.
I don't think that's your excuse. I think
that's, it's something else.
But go ahead, make your excuse, and
don't do it. I don't care. Orange
Riot in chat at live.vognetwork.com
with an interesting perspective, and I think
this is really a good thing to consider, saying
one of the big things is that Rockband
would have the multitracks, which
the labels don't want to spread around, as
in the individual guitar track,
saying it'll happen with consoles anyway.
So, but that's a, that's
an interesting thing to think about, is that you do have, like, these
master recordings on the,
which has made it difficult to get some songs
in the game on the earlier Rockband game, so
maybe that is really the issue.
Anyway, long story short,
this sounds like it's not so much that
Harmonix doesn't want to do it on PC,
and they've even talked about that they do support PC
with other stuff, but the agreements
with the labels, whether you like
them or not, are the reasons holding back.
I just don't understand why one can do it and the other one can't.
I know, I know. Alright.
Moving on, we got one more story
before the Skype line. Loki.
Sadly, one of
the 3D Realms
Apogee artist James Story has
passed away at the age of
41, and he worked on such
young, well-loved games
as, you know, Duke Nukem 3D,
Rise of the Triad, Terminal Velocity,
Stargunner.
It's kind of funny,
one of the things that they pointed out that he worked on was
the exploding barrel animation, Duke Nukem
3D.
But, uh. That's way
too young. Yeah.
Rest in peace. Sorry to hear
about that. Oh my gosh.
But, but, what legendary
contributions. I think Duke Nukem
could have even been in the Video Game Hall of Fame
instead of Doom.
Especially with,
I'm sure I played a level in
Duke Nukem that was just shaped like a giant penis.
Tying it into another story we
talked about earlier tonight.
I'm sure there was plenty. I'm sure.
Alright, it's that time. It's time for you guys to
continue the conversation. 1877 Game
OLR, or our username on
Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. Give us a
call, and we'll talk about
whatever you want to talk about.
Something we've talked about previously tonight.
Or maybe something else that we haven't brought up yet.
Let's get to it. Hi, you're on
OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Ragingator.
Hey Ragingator, buddy. What's on your mind?
Not a whole lot.
I just wanted
to throw out some
quick news that
I'm truly shocked and appalled
that you hit that
much in the ruddy.
Go for it.
Alright. Sound red alert.
Bounding down the hatches.
Prepare your
wallets.
Skiing sale is incoming.
Specifically
starting on June 11th,
which is this coming Thursday,
the
spring sale for skiing
will be starting.
Obviously, I don't know
exactly what's going to be on sale
just yet.
And exactly how much
of a discount you'll get
on set gains.
If previous
sales are
any indication,
you'll probably be pretty good.
On
a related note,
Let me jump in real quick
because I always
thought this theme summer sales were on the
4th of July. So this seems
silly to me, and especially the fact that it's kind of timed
right around E3.
That's a weird time to have a steam sale, I guess.
Well,
the thing is, we're talking about the
steam spring
sale. Technically, July
is summer.
It's a little late for a spring sale.
It's 95 damn degrees here today.
June 11th.
It'll be
running up until June 20th.
During E3.
Ironically, it's the day before
summer starts.
What a great time to bring more eyes to the store
to see Half Life 3 sitting there waiting to
download.
Half Life 3 confirmed.
Alright, we'll stop.
We're kidding. What else did you want to say, Reginator?
On
a related topic
of steam
or steam sale,
just
so no one can claim
that I'm a total steam
fanboy. I'm gonna throw this out
there.
There's another site that you
guys have mentioned on occasion
called GOG or Good Old
Games. Currently,
they're having their
summer sale going on. It started
Wait a minute.
You just told me
it wasn't summer, and now GOG is having
a summer sale. Hold on.
Well,
unfortunately,
no one told GOG that.
You're like, I ain't Mother Nature, Rob.
I'm not the one that's
saying
what to call what.
Apparently,
GOG never got
the memo.
I was looking at that on GOG.
They've got a ton of games, especially
indie games. Lots and lots of indie games.
I didn't see a lot of old
stuff, but I saw
indie games on deep discounts.
It looked like if you spent
so much money or bought so many games, you actually would get
some classic games
thrown in, right?
Yeah. In fact, I was about to get to that.
Every day since the
sale started, which was this past
Wednesday,
they rotate in and out
what's being offered
and
what the discount is. The average discount
is 75%.
Geez.
If you spend
a minimum of $1,
$1,
you get SimCity 2000
for free.
If you
spend
$20,
you get Stalker
Clear Sky for free.
If you spend
$50, you get
Xenonauts for free.
Did you spend $50?
Yep.
Congratulations! You're a consumer whore,
but you got all those free games, so
that's awesome.
I actually sat down
and paid for
14 games.
Technically,
selling those games,
I already had on Steam,
the only reason I re-bought them on
GOG is because they were
throwing in the soundtracks for free
and I'm
a complete and total whore
for video game soundtracks.
That's fair.
Well, I fully expect your
reviews on VOG forums
very soon. Anyway,
RageNator, even though I know you're
hawking the GOG sale, I still think you're
a Steam fanboy, and that's okay.
Own it. Love it. Appreciate it.
That's not an insult.
Alright.
Alright, RageNator, I'm gonna let you go to get some more
calls. Take care, buddy.
I think he's gone.
He disappeared. Alright, well,
hopefully he heard me at the end there.
Just give him a little crap. Alright,
man, the phones are lighting up tonight.
They're lighting up more tonight than they were last week on 600.
Let's get to another call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this? This is
Serious Turtle. Serious Turtle!
I recognize your name from emails. How are you?
Good, good. I'm your loyal
turtle in Philly. First time
calling. I stayed up just to say hi to you guys.
Well, thank you for staying up late for us. Appreciate
that. How serious are you, Serious Turtle?
I'm very serious. I'm a big
fan of you guys. We're a big fan of you.
Thank you so much for calling
in tonight. Appreciate it. What's on your mind?
Well, I wanted to let you
know. Loki, you still playing
GTA V online?
Not really, but I could be.
I just haven't because I've been trying to work
on my game, but I could distract
myself. I just
started playing it, and it
is confusing.
There's a lot of stuff going on. Yeah,
I haven't played in a long time, so
I can imagine.
Alright. Where does a new
person start when they're playing online?
You just keep doing missions. You keep
doing races and stuff. There's story
missions that you go through, and as you
level up with stuff, it'll
unlock more things and different people
you get missions from. I think I
went up through...
Where the hell am I getting missions from now?
I don't remember now. What's the fastest
way to go and have sex with a prostitute?
Because that's what everybody's trying to do in GTA, right?
Just get money.
You keep
tipping her, and you keep
grabbing
her ass during your...
lap dances.
Excuse me, who said I had to be a woman?
Oh my goodness.
This is not where I wanted this call to go.
Equal opportunity.
Alright, all this
talk aside, are you enjoying Grand Theft Auto
Online? Are you just a little overwhelmed?
You know, I wasn't at first,
but I'm trying to stick it out. There's a lot of
loading screens going on, but I'm trying
to get to the good stuff, I guess.
Alright, that's fair.
What else are you playing these days?
Well, I'll tell you, I'm looking forward
to Just Cause 3. Uh, Loki?
Hell yeah.
That game is gonna be awesome.
I've been looking forward to that for a long time.
Do you think that'll be one of those games that shows up
at, like, the Xbox or the PlayStation?
Oh yeah, absolutely. I can see that.
Now, did you get the chance to play
the multiplayer mod in Just Cause 2?
I played it for
about five minutes, and I just kept falling from the
sky. I had no idea what was going on, so I stopped.
That's awesome. It's just chaos.
Absolute chaos, and it's
fantastic.
Yeah. Well, you know, I'll let
you take some other calls, but I just want to let you guys
know that I'm, uh, thank you very much
for keeping me company every Monday.
I count on it, and I love it, man.
Well, thank you for
participating with the show. It helps, uh,
make our show even better. I really appreciate the call
and the emails. Alright, guys. Thanks a lot.
Take care. Take care, my friend.
Alright, our serious turtle.
I love it when, like, somebody we've heard
from from email in a long time finally is like,
alright, this is, this is that one Sunday
I'm going to get to stay up really late, because if he's from
Philly, then it's already, like, after midnight
over there, so I know, I know the time can
be a bitch for those of you on the East Coast, so
I appreciate those of you that stay up late
with us. 1877 Game O-L-R, or
username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Rama in chat, per my
earlier comment about Grand Theft Auto, stating
uh, Sky, your party van is
parked out front. Ooh.
ActDeaf pointing out that serious
turtle didn't sound that serious.
Sounds like he's
having fun playing games. That's what's,
we are serious about our love
of games, you see, ActDeaf. That's
that's
and serious turtle just replied
in chat going, wanna fight?
Oh, that was great. Love it.
Uh, one last call for
calls. 1877 Game O-L-R,
or username on Skype, Orange Lounge
Radio, as a fight breaks
out in our chat room.
Over
how serious is serious turtle.
Alright, we do have another
call coming in. He's totally serial. This'll be the last one
for tonight. I, I, God
dammit, I didn't even say hello.
Hi, Zaku, how are you?
Going fine as usual. Hey,
I just wanna, I just wanna tell you,
I don't know if you've had a chance to play
the O-L-R podcast words
mod for Typing of the Dead.
Not yet.
Okay, I will tell you, one of the phrases
in there is, Legend
of Zaku here.
Awesome.
Thank you, though. Because you always,
you are, you are, if he is
serious turtle, you are interrupting turtle.
So you, you, I'll try to be doing
my intro and you're like, Legend of Zaku here.
So I, I put it, I actually put that as a
phrase. And some of our other, uh, common participants
can be found in the podcast
words. Anyway, what's on your mind
tonight, my friend? Uh, just
calling in, as usual, because I know
last week I couldn't, because, you know,
obviously I was at my girl's place and you had your
600th episode, so a little bit
of a belated celebration for that. But more
importantly... What's more important?
Episode 600 or boobies?
Yeah, I don't blame you. Take the latter, but yeah.
It's fine. Oh, just nothing
much. Trying to, you know, get back into
gaming after, uh, let me see, I was on
vacation for, like, a
week out in Germany, so
I, you know, that was, like, past,
you know, like, the week before
Memorial Day, but yeah, getting back
into the swing of things, you know, for, like,
about almost two weeks now.
But more importantly, if there's any... Well, I hope to
hell you heard the Kyle Ward show,
because that was...
That was a big one for you, Mr. Music
Game Fan. Yeah, I
heard, I know, I, I
missed it, but at least I got,
I hooked you up with that, because I was the one
that was, like, trying to get, you know,
you, you know, I was trying to contact Rama
through you in order to get that,
that connection going. You did help.
We're Facebook friends now, though, so I
can, I can get, I can get him on the show again
later when he has something to promote, but anyway,
what, what do you, what do you want to talk about
now that you're home and, and back from your
trip and, and, uh, a booby vacation
last week? Let me see,
uh, if there, I know, I know everyone's,
like, get, you know, I know simulators
are kind of, like, the, the big thing now.
Obviously, you know, I'm a,
you know, as you can see in the background,
I'm a huge FSX
buff, but
it, it doesn't really do
it justice until you've actually
played on not just any
simulator, but pretty much
a $22 million level
D Airbus A340 simulator
that I managed to partake in
when I was out there in Germany
in Munich
through the, through Lufthansa's flight
training center. I'll send you a link to a Reddit post
that I had on the flight sim
Reddit that I belong to that I posted.
Okay, wait, hold up, hold up, so somebody
converted an entire fucking
plane into an actual
flight simulator. No, a level
D simulator is essentially a professional
grade simulator. It's essentially
by law the highest, uh,
grade simu-, it's full motion, essentially,
and Lufthansa has,
uh, several of them,
including, uh, including one for their
A340s, which they fly on the
routes from Newark to Munich.
That's kinda rad. So because, so
because they have flight training centers in several
German cities, Munich included,
they have companies
that essentially allow you to buy time
off hours
to fly on those.
Oh my goodness. Yeah, I, I basically
rode on, on a really expensive simulator
that's worth, uh, like, that's enough
to buy, you know, an entire block's
worth of, uh, houses on your neighborhood.
That's, like, 22 million
dollars, that, and it's
literally, like, full, you know,
it's literally just, like, the real thing.
Look, this sounds awesome, but what
I really wanna know is, did you crash?
No.
I, once I get the actual,
uh, hold on, let me get the,
how am I, ah, here we go, I got the link.
Cause the first time I played
a flight sim, I think I
ejected myself from the seat before
I even left the runway.
Like, I don't know what I'm doing in those games.
Or I think I, I was like, yay,
I got it running, I got it running, and I'm going down
the runway, and then I just, I crash into the
barn that's parked next to the runway, like, I'm just
But it's,
it's almost like, it's almost
like a roller coaster ride, but in the sense
that you pretty much have a lot
of, like,
it's pretty much a flying computer in Airbus.
Yeah. Because, you know,
the computer, once you're, like, above a
certain altitude, the computer takes over
and you're essentially, you're just adding
input. And that, and
you know,
during my time on the simulator, I flew
around the city, back into Newark,
doing an actual non-precision approach.
If you look at the link that I just posted
on the Reddit page, you'll see
you know, all of my
printouts for all of my
takeoffs and landings.
And the fact that it's,
you know, due to the fact that it's a high
sensitive area, that's the only pick that I was
able to get from there, beyond the
captain's chair right there, flying.
But yeah, I mean.
Zaku, Zaku, I have to wrap up the show here soon,
but let me ask you, let me ask you this question
here, because, let's be real, all our
listeners do not really have immediate access
to go play with these expensive toys that you
played with, so if I want to get into
simulator games, where should I
start? Because I'll tell you, I watched
via Steam Broadcasting, our
pal Jason, who, you know, does the
voices on this show, I watched him
play Euro Truck Simulator 2,
and at first when I saw him playing that
on Steam, I was like, come on,
you nerd, you're actually playing that? But then I
was watching him play it, and I was like,
that does look kind of interesting actually,
shit. And then I was like,
I'm gonna get that on the next Steam sale, and now
oh great, they don't call it a summer
Steam sale, I guess it's around the corner, so I guess
we know what's gonna happen. But anyway, in all seriousness,
where do I need to start? What's
my square one must-have sim game?
FSX, on
Steam, they had the Steam edition, which
you can easily pick up for
a good price, and when the
summer sale happens, it will definitely be on sale.
I actually have
Euro Truck Simulator 2. See,
I have tons of games, I don't even know what they are,
I just buy them because I have games.
Your addiction
is affecting your life negatively.
It is, I don't even remember, I was like,
oh, I have BioShark 2, when did that
happen? My collection's just as bad.
Tigerclaw in chat saying,
imagine Sky playing Global Space Program,
he'll never get off the ground. I think that's in my
library and I've just never played it.
Oh god, do I have that too? Yeah, you probably do,
I think it was an awesome title. Once you get
Flight Simulator X,
if you want to go beyond the stock planes
and all the add-ons, that
will start adding up, but
for me, since I'm already
a little over a year past
when I first started,
I pretty much
spent like, let's say
almost $600, $700 alone
within a year, just
on add-ons alone. Oh my god.
Like, I kind of want to call you crazy,
but then again, when I think about how much money I've
spent on MMOs, it's not so bad.
Maybe that might be
a bit exaggerated, maybe like $500.
I don't think it's, well, including
the actual cost of that flight
experience out in Munich, which was
a cool $500, but
well worth the cash.
Even for that game,
I sunk a pretty considerable amount of money,
kind of like sinking money
on DLC on a particular game that you're
interested in. But that goes
to show that the stock planes are
good for basic flying, but then you get
to the point where you actually
have more planes
that are essentially more sophisticated
and are essentially analogs of the
real thing. The Airbus
that I have
currently actually prepared me for
that flight team experience because the pilot that was
briefing me pretty much
didn't have to do that much
of a job because, you know,
my background. Because you learned it all in a
video game. Exactly.
And not only that,
the one that I have is exactly
the same. It's ripped off, like
as if you were ripping off the actual system
components of an Airbus. So everything
such as the side stick, the throttle,
the autopilot,
that he didn't have
to show me that much because
I was very familiar with it. So
that helped me
getting there. How many years left
until you're flying the real plane?
That is, you know,
as I said, that's still
up in the air.
Say it! Up in the air!
Up in the air, but eventually
I'm hopeful that
I mean, to be honest,
I'm kind of a deadly afraid of
Cessna just because of their poor safety
record. If there's any small
you know, prop plane
that would get on is the Cirrus
planes which have the actual
parachute on the top of the
fuselage that you could deploy
in the event of engine failure. So you could
actually glide down to safety.
Okay, just remember, Zaku, when you're
flying that real plane someday, you learned it all
in a video game. Pretty much, I mean,
as I said. Alright, I gotta let you go.
I gotta wrap up, Zaku. Take care of my friend.
Have a good night. Have a good night. Bye.
So he's saying like that those planes are so
fragile that like any little thing goes
wrong can cause it to go down. You're like on the
flight, oh, my cup holder came off.
Look, airline pilots,
we put a lot, I don't think they get enough
credit for what they do because
you know, we trust them
with a lot flying those
tubes through the sky, so
they deserve a lot of credit for what they do.
Anyway, thank you, Zaku.
He would go on for another 90 minutes, though,
if I would let him, though, in all due respect.
He's very excited about the
sim games, and who can blame him?
We don't talk enough about sim games on the show.
If you're looking for a sim to start with, I'd suggest
Goat. Goat Simulator?
Yes. That might be a good one.
Alright, anyhow, Surgeon Simulator.
That's gonna do it for the Skype line tonight.
I appreciate you guys for
tuning in and getting through the entire
show. Remember, if you like what you heard here
at Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or five
about the show. Help spread the word, because
we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we only know
where those voices are if you'll share them with us,
so please tell others about the show.
That's all we ask. We really
try not to ask for your money, although I
guess this week we did tell you to give your money,
your 79 cents, to someone else, but
that's out of character for us.
Usually, we think you should keep your money, and
just spread the word, and
help spread the love for Orange
Lounge Radio. A nice five
star review on a site like
iTunes or Stitcher Radio or wherever
you found this show goes a great
long way as well, and we really appreciate
those. Anyway, it's time to wrap
up and get on out of here, so it's about
time for the final thoughts of
the night. My
final thought first is,
you know, I got my Ness amiibo,
and it's coming, and I'm very excited about
that, and then Shane
texted me to remind me, oh yeah,
Lucas is gonna be in Smash Brothers
next week, and that'll
be another amiibo I'm gonna have to get now.
God dammit.
Loki, last but not least,
your final thought tonight. I just registered my
400th game on Steam.
You have a
problem. I do. But that's
why we love you. Alright,
that's it. We're done for the week.
We will be back next week to do it all again
with episode 602.
Next week will be the
interrupting E3
show. That's right, we are gonna have to do
the show. Speaking of part A and part B,
it really will be separated next week.
Get hyped, because E3 is
just around the corner,
so thank you for spending it with us here at
OLR. We'll see you next week
here on Orange Lounge Radio. Have a good week, everybody.
Sunday nights at
6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern. The views
and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of
the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or VOG Network, but you
know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!